Introduction
============

The story told in these pages is almost beyond belief. And yet it is
completely true. Even as I wrote it my mind fought me every step of the
way. It was almost as though some other part of myself, The Soul Maybe,
came in to write the book, and my mind got put to the side. It is a
story that is in many ways larger than my understanding, but I was able
to write it anyway, which is a contradiction I cannot explain to you.

Once I initially committed to this book, the mind was not allowed to
change that course for me. Every time the Delta of my mind enter the
equation, and started to speak to me: this is crazy, Bruce. You can't
write this book. People will think that you're completely crazy, an
absolutely stunning synchronicity, a completely improbable coincidence
would happen, and in many instances it would be a serious of
synchronicities, a concatenation of synchronicities if you will, so
improbable a Bank of kray computers working on a probability Matrix
could not produce a number because it would be too large. The writing of
this book was a very spiritual experience. I am grateful I was allowed
to write this book.

Robert weigand has led an extraordinary Life by anybody's measure. Born
in Huntington Parks Los Angeles to a mother whose bloodline goes right
back to the Inception of the Mormon church and a German father who is
undoubtedly himself the son of a man brought over in Operation
Paperclip, Robert's entire life has been watched from the moment he was
born. The spiritually literate reading my story might say that we all
are watched when we are alive. We have Guardians and we have Spirit
guides and so on and so forth. That's not what I mean. I mean that
whatever runs this planet was aware of Robert the moment he stepped onto
it and has been around him for every breath he has taken.

Allow Me to Introduce Myself
============================

My name is Robert Wiegand. I have a story to tell. It's not like any
story you've heard. I promise you. My story will clear a lot of things
up for you. We live in crazy times. There's a deluge of information but
a drought on context. Nobody can properly contextualize the phenomenon
and the information. Are extraterrestrials real? Why are so many former
military people talking about them? Is the biosphere really close to
collapsing? Do elite groups of people around the planet really partake
of Satanic rituals? Is pedophilia an epidemic?

Without the ability to contextualize what's going on we become more
imbalanced. Nothing in nature can exist without a context. The colors on
a rainforest frog in Nicaragua make no sense in a Canadian forest. The
life process gave the frog the colors for the rainforest context. The
same is true for human beings. We need to understand our environment,
the space in which we live, what placed us here and why. Human beings
have two environments, an outer and an inner, with no context for
either. Neither our science nor our religion serve us anymore. We've
built so quickly and so completely that we've lost control of the world
we built. The world that was created for us, the natural wold, would
have gone on almost indefinitely. It was a perfect system, created by an
intelligence far greater than human. It was a garden of perfection until
our fear infected it. At some point in our evolution nature became the
enemy. Our thinking changed. We allowed our fear to convince us that
everything in nature was trying to kill us, that we didn't belong here.
Creation makes no mistakes. This great blue spaceship is exactly where
we belong.

The world isn't maintained by us, which is a small blessing. The world's
decline grows in direct measure to our belief that we have to maintain
it. What part of the world requires our maintenance? Do you honestly
believe the world would slip into dysfunction if human beings
disappeared? There would be greater consequence if ants disappeared,
bees, or spiders. They serve an indispensable role in the ecosystem. Not
so much human beings. The world existed long before us and it will exist
long after us.

The world is not trying to kill us. Our belief that it is trying to kill
us underwrites the world's decay. Nowhere is this better explained than
in one of the central characters of Cormac McCarthy's literary
masterpiece, *Blood Meridian or The Evening Redness in the West*,
published in 1985. In this extraordinary piece of American and world
literature, Judge Holden, the defacto leader of the Glanton gang, which
survives by hunting Apache scalps along the Texas-Mexico border on
commission from local mayors and governors, has the following exchange
with one of the gang members beside a campfire when the Judge is asked
why he shoots and stuffs all manner of creature in their travels and
makes notes in a small book he carries. The judge responds with the
following:

> Whatever exists, he said. Whatever in creation exists without my
> knowledge exists without my consent.

> These anonymous creatures, he said, may seem little or nothing in the
> world. Yet the smallest crumb can devour us. Any smallest thing
> beneath yon rock out of men's knowing. Only nature can enslave man and
> only when the existence of each last entity is routed out and made to
> stand naked before him will he be properly suzerain of the earth.

Nothing in recent memory so bespeaks man's alienation from nature, and
because of that alienation the ensuant violence that attends our
presence on this earth, as though we ourselves are somehow alien to the
world, purposeless, more impotent than an ant in the necessities of the
planet and its natural system. This is all we need to understand. If we
could grasp this one thing, life here would be so much better.

There was a time when humanity knew better, a simpler time, but that
ended with mass human organization, the will to power and control first
over other human beings, and when that was transferred to the collective
farce we call democracy, the will to power over nature first and then
the stars themselves. Fear and control are first cousins, just as life
and death are the brothers Cain and Abel.

The human family is being run into the ground because we cannot perceive
clearly, cannot surrender our lives to the processes here in love and
trust, can't uncenter ourselves from our malignant cosmology, passed
from one generation to the next like a virus. We have been deceived.
Somewhere in our life path as a species the controllers of our reality —
and we do have controllers — decided they didn't even want to engage us
anymore. It was decided that the human race would be set in another
reality under theirs, and they would be invisible to us, but always
present in human affairs.

We are like children in a playpen with the adults going in and out of
the room. The average human being is so disconnected from reality now
this story is going to feel like electric shock therapy. This story is
going to alarm and disturb you precisely because it's going to attempt a
realignment of your perception. I'm going to show you what's really
going on here, and it's not going to be pleasant. I'm not telling my
story to disturb you. I'm not a shock performer like Marilyn Manson.
There's nothing really shocking about my story. The shock will come
through the realization of the false reality you've been living within,
the womb of imagination that's so comfortable you don't want to be born.
You don't want to come out of it, but we have to because if we don't,
and soon, we will destroy ourselves, the planet, or both.

People like me don't always get to tell our stories. We're usually dead
by the time we have the maturity to tell them. I've lived fast and hard
in every way, physically, emotionally, mentally, and spiritually. I've
been an Operations Officer SEAL Team THREE, and an Action Officer,
Special Operations Command, Hawaii, among many assignments, a mercenary,
A *Tata* and *Nkesa* of the Nganga, Holder of the Pot, in the Palo
Mayombe religion — the blackest of magic, the dark side of Santeria — a
confidante of Billy Meier and the Pleiadian group he heads in
Switzerland, a businessman, a husband, and a father. I've been here and
I've been there, turning over every stone in my path to look underneath
it, a kind of Judge Holden in my own way.

Whatever they make of me when I finally pass over to the other side, the
one thing they will not accuse me of is failing to live. I love this
life, and I make no apologies for myself or my decisions, but I can't
watch this shit show anymore. I have to tell my story, and I have to
tell it now, just a couple years shy of my sixth decade. It's a miracle
I'm still alive, and I'm going to make it count.

Why now? Why am I telling my story now? I have no choice. When the heart
turns the heart turns, and my heart turned. Love came to my heart, real
love, not romance, not sentiment, not a Hallmark card, real love. It
just entered my heart, and when I felt it I never wanted to feel
anything else. It was a gift given to me by a Hawaiian Kahuna. He took
pity upon me and touched my heart so the door would open, so I would
stop feeling like I had to control everything. Something loves us, all
of us, the good and the bad, and it finally found me.

I've lived most of my life in very dark places, literally unimaginable
darkness for most people — combat theaters, black magic rituals, under
extraterrestrial surveillance, and in meetings of the very real
Committee of Three Hundred: [^1]

> The Committee of 300, also known as The Olympians, is a group alleged
> to have been founded by the British aristocracy in 1727. Proponents of
> the theory alleging the Committee's existence believe it to be an
> international council that organizes politics, commerce, banking,
> media, and the military for centralized global efforts.

I've summoned the devil himself, and I'm not half joking. I've walked
among the most powerful people on this planet, and I've seen the beings
behind them, and they're not of this planet. Many people in public space
try to explain what's going on in this world. I've heard a hundred and
one moronic theories. Some people get close, but that's good enough. To
really understand what's happening you have to get it completely right.
It's like a bread recipe — get it just a little bit wrong and the bread
does not rise.

It's crazy out there now, crazy in the information field. There's a lot
of intelligence, but it's not good intelligence because it's often wrong
or contextually inaccurate. You can't run a proper operation without
precise intelligence. Miss your landing spot by three clicks and your
mission is compromised. Public space has been liberated by the Internet.
Podcasters compete with the mainstream. At every step we lose more
context. The mainstream doesn't know anything, and, if they did, they
wouldn't tell you. Our corporate media is more controlled than Pravda
was at the height of the Cold War. The newspapers usually get the movie
start times right, but not much else. The podcasters and YouTube
channels are throwing darts blindfolded, and they probably couldn't get
a bullseye if they had their eyes open. It's a shit show.

The religious people want their prophecies proved out — hurry up and
destroy the world god or I'm going to stop believing in you — and
nobody's really stopped to consider the dilemma. The expectations of the
religious people are so high, if nothing happens something has happened.
It's a dry powder keg beside a cook fire.

Here's the truth. I'm going to give it you once real simple, but don't
worry, I'm going to spend the rest of the book proving it to you. You
live in a world that is completely owned by dark entities that are not
of the earth. They are foreigners in the most literal sense. They don't
think like us. They sure as hell don't feel like us, but they do look
like us. You'd have a hard time picking one out at the mall, but if you
met one you'd spend a week trying to pinpoint what was off about them,
and you'd never get it.

They are human in their manifested appearance. I call them the
controllers. I've seen them in rooms with the most powerful people in
the world. I don't know what they are. I'll tell you everything I know
about them in the course of this story. I'm far from a perfect human
being. I've got blood on my hands, from both active military duty in the
Navy Special Warfare teams, and from the private sector, where I
contracted out as a mercenary. I willfully walked into the darkest
circles on this planet, and I willfully walked into the darkest circles
on the other side of life. I make no judgments upon myself. I learned
what I needed to learn and moved on with my life. I went into the
darkness voluntarily, and I left the darkness voluntarily.

A lot of the things I have to tell you might sound bat shit crazy, but
they're true, and you need to hear them. The gap between how this world
actually operates and how people think it operates is so enormous I'm
not even sure it can be filled, but I have to try. I have decided that
the best way to tell my story is directly. I can't spend a lot of time
trying to convince you what I'm saying is true. Some people are going to
know from the outset that what I'm saying is true because they've had
experiences similar to mine, but they might never have had a context to
put them into. I'm hoping my story can be a context for them to
understand the worlds within which they live. Some people have never had
these otherworldly experiences, never seen the dead, and to those people
I say — please stay with my story nonetheless. You will not believe
where it goes.

I assure you the most powerful politicians and rulers in the world
believe in the spirit world. I assure you that they consort with the
darkest of spirits and extraterrestrials to consolidate their power on
this planet, or they are the proxy or puppet of someone who does. Even
if you don't believe what I'm saying, please try to remember that these
people I'm going to tell you about, they believe it. If they're writing
the policies and laws which govern your life, then you're living under
the umbrella of their spiritual doctrine whether you realize it or not.
The spiritual reality is inescapable. You either engage it yourself or
live under someone's interpretation of it. There are no other options.
The world you live in is a fairy tale. The objective and rational world
of science that has destroyed the human imagination is exactly what they
wanted to create.

The name of the game here is energy harvesting, and the more spiritually
ignorant you are the easier it is to do. Do you think it's an accident
that the world has evolved into this spiritually vacant culture? It's
not an accident. Every step of the journey to bring us to where we are
now in the early part of the twenty-first century was planned centuries
ago. This is what the initiates of The dark side call the *great work*.
We are now living in the middle of the great work. You are completely
surrounded by electromagnetic radiation that affects the veil between
this world and the next. You call it Wi-Fi, smart phones, and radio
waves. It's eroding your aura. It's breaking you down. They want to
break you down. Their power is derived by sacrificing human beings to
the dark lords they serve on the other side. The whole world has become
a ritual.

At its core, this whole system is nothing more than an economy, a *quid
pro quo*, but not the economy you might first think, the economy of
commodities, currencies, goods and services. No. That's the cover story.
The economy is children, blood, and psychic energy. The children are
used for sex and sacrifices, pedophilia and literal blood sacrifices.
The blood sacrifices are larger. They happen in wars, like the one
hundred and fifty thousand Iraqi soldiers retreating from the front line
in 1992 with white flags held high, all of them mowed down under George
Bush's orders. That's a blood sacrifice. You can call it war, but, like
I said, when you know them, when you know what they believe, when you
know what they practice, and when you know what they worship, you can't
kid yourself anymore. You can't see it as anything but what it is —
blood sacrifice. The psychic energy from the general population is being
harvested all the time. It happens at sporting events, rock concerts,
and when you watch movies. Some of the invisible entity classes like to
frustrate your thinking and feeling. When you lose control of your
emotions in anger or despair, they're right there, harvesting your
energy the way you and I would squeeze oranges to make orange juice.

The dark priests offer up something to the spirits and extraterrestrials
on the other side, and the spirits and extraterrestrials on the other
side give the dark priests power and riches in this physical world.
Remember, it's an economy, inter-dimensional trade if you will, and
inter-species as well when you account for the extraterrestrials. Get
all the nonsense about heaven and hell out of your head. Religions are
consciousness templates put into you by the controllers for energy
harvesting. It's been going on for millennia, but their economy is truly
on a gigantic scale now. The controllers have never been more powerful
than they are now. The reason is we've been dumbed down and our
spiritual defenses have been taken away from us. Once this problem is
corrected, it will be much harder for them to operate, provided we're
not too late. We human beings, especially in the West, are raised on
hero tales in which good always prevails over bad, but the reality is
that's not always how it happens, and, when stories that contradict the
fundamental mythology occur, they're very often ignored, scrubbed from
history.

The childish notions of religious ideas have to be abandoned and we as a
collective species, the human race, have to know and understand what's
really going on on this planet, how it operates, and why it operates the
way it does. The morals and ethics from religions are important. Please
don't throw the baby out with the bathwater. If we don't understand
where they get their power, we will never be able to counter that power.
We will never be able to turn the tide in this spiritual war, and we
will never be able to restore balance and harmony to this planet.

The negative must stay in human affairs. The negative is a teacher of
sorts. If the negative principalities did not exist we would not evolve.
They're a catalyst. The most important thing you can do is stop looking
at negativity in a fearful way. The fear has exacerbated the system of
control. If it weren't for negativity, we would still be in a very
undeveloped state, and if we harness the very negative circumstance I
describe in this book correctly, we could slingshot to a new level of
awareness as a species, a new context, and that would be beautiful.

Is it fair that were born into a world where we have none of the animal
defenses of the mammals that hunt in forests and jungles? Why are so
many difficulties put upon human beings? Why is consciousness present to
such a high degree in the human being on this planet? Why do bipedal
hominids evolve as the sentient life-form in most of the universe? What
is the role of sentience? These are the questions that you have to ask
yourself. The way out of this mess is to become more scientific about
your spiritual life. Stop believing things. Look and know things. I've
done this all my life and it's made all the difference for me.

I don't want to live in the darkness anymore, but I am grateful for what
it taught me. I was highly functional in that world. I had natural
gifts. You could see them from a very young age. Those gifts can be seen
by others, even before those who have them understand them themselves.
That's how a lot of people find their life paths. They're intercepted by
agents of the darkness because they have a gift. I'm going to burn the
world down in these pages. Everything you believe is going to get
torched. It's an act of mercy, like lightning starting a forest fire so
the forest floor can remineralize itself from the ashes. Like all
stories, mine must begin at the beginning, so let's get to it.

My Early Life
=============

I was born in the early nineteen-sixties in California. My father was
German. My grandfather came from Germany in circumstances that are still
a mystery to me. I believe it was some kind of progenitor of Project
Paperclip[^2].

> Operation Paperclip was a secret program of the Joint Intelligence
> Objectives Agency (JIOA) largely carried out by special agents of Army
> CIC, in which more than 1,600 German scientists, engineers, and
> technicians, such as Wernher von Braun and his V-2 rocket team, were
> taken from Germany to the United States, for U.S. government
> employment, primarily between 1945 and 1959. Many were former members,
> and some were former leaders, of the Nazi Party.

I used to call my grandfather on the phone. He'd pick up and say, Hello?
I'd say, Grandpa, it's Bobby. And he'd say, I hate Hitler! Seriously, he
did it almost every time I called. I'd have to say, I didn't call to
talk about Hitler, and he'd say, Oh, what do you need? Then I'd ask him
whatever I'd called to ask.

My siblings and I weren't told much about our European past. It was
better not talked about. The only reason I even questioned my German
ethnicity before the age of ten was the way my grandfather answered the
phone with *I hate Hitler!* He made me look into it. The Nazis never
lost the war. The German people did, but the Nazis didn't. They got out
in ratlines set up by the Vatican. That's how they got to South America.
The high command took a secret submarine fleet to Antarctica where they
and their descendants live to this day. True story. Admiral Bird went
down there with some troops to flush them out and they got their asses
kicked. The Nazis had foo fighters in Antarctica in the late forties.
Have you ever heard that in your history courses, or on your mainstream
media, except maybe in the context of some cheesy History Channel UFO
program? No, you haven't. See what I mean about the bullshit context
you've been given? And that's just since the Second World War, the last
seventy-five years. The bad context goes back to Christ, the Romans, the
Sanhedrin, and thousands of years before that even, but I don't want to
overwhelm or depress you in the opening chapters.

My grandfather was a very smart man, a rocket scientist. He worked with
the Nazi Party. You couldn't be smart in Germany back then and not work
with the Nazi Party. I don't know exactly what my grandfather did, but
it was enough to get him out of Germany and into the United States. He
left before the war started. I think he came over in 1933. I make the
*Paperclip* analogy because he was an intelligence extraction by the
United States. Thank god for that, otherwise my family might have drawn
the Russian lot after World War II. I don't even want to think about
growing up in Russia.

My father was a Master Chief in the US Navy. He was highly respected.
Even though he wasn't a commissioned officer, he associated with a lot
of four star brass in the Navy. I didn't know my father well. He left my
mother, my brother, who is two years older than me, and my sister, who
is two years younger than me, when I was six years old. He bought a
house for us in Bell Gardens, a coastal suburb of Los Angeles. It was a
cheap house in a run-down part of Los Angeles. My father was a
cheapskate. He stiffed us on a good home to start out in, and he saved
his money for booze and broads. He also broke my mother's heart.

It was rough for us growing up. We didn't have a lot of money. I was
hungry a lot of the time. I wore hand-me-down clothes. The divorce broke
my mother. She was caught up in her sadness. We kids were left to our
own. I remember walking around Bell Gardens at midnight many nights when
I was seven years old. My mother was out a lot. There was no adult
supervision. I would just wander the streets at night. It was scary and
exhilarating. I once had a knife put to my throat, and I was cut, but
not deeply enough to kill me. Some of my neighbors heard my scream and
came out. The guy with the knife ran away. I didn't have any money, so
he didn't want to rob me. He didn't drag me into an alley to rape me, so
he wasn't a pedophile. He just wanted to slit a seven year old kid's
throat just to do it. I had my first near death experience that night.
My spirit left my body. Bell Gardens was spooky.

Because I was white and I had a German surname, I was picked on a lot by
the Latinos in my neighborhood and at school. They called me *kraut*.
Getting picked on makes you tough. Nobody is born tough. It's a response
to environment. I had to get tough or I would have been destroyed.

My brother found a different path in life. He inherited the genius of my
grandfather. School was very easy for him. He was recognized as a very
bright individual from a young age. He's gone on to become a
multi-millionaire in the world of network engineering. My sister has
lived a normal and quiet family life. I'm the only one who bought a
ticket to hell, the middle kid.

My mother was a Mormon, so I was raised Mormon. Her people go right back
to the first congregants around John Smith and Brigham Young. They moved
across the east coast in wagons and settled in Colorado, settling in
Manassa, Conejos County as directed by LDS leaders.\
In the early years of Mormonism Polygamy was practiced.\
My mother's hometown was one of several used by LDS leaders to hide
Mormons who were polygamists.\
If her line had polygamy it is not spoken of, since it was illegal
then.\
It was reserved for the hierarchy\
When Washington agents went to Salt Lake City to bust them, the men
would get wind of it and leave for Colorado, where Mormon brethren gave
them shelter and sustenance. It was real tough to catch these guys. The
women and children stayed in Salt Lake City. My mother grew up with
these absences of her father, my grandfather, when he had to flee the
federal law or face polygamy charges. Sometimes my mother and
grandmother would get to go and see him in Colorado, but most of the
time they waited however long it took for the threat of arrest to abate.
Mormons believe they have the right to multi-wife families, or they did
back then. The government sure wasn't okay with polygamy. The way my
mother described it to me when I was a kid reminded me of the road
runner and coyote cartoons, with my grandfather as the smart road runner
and the federal agents as the sneaky coyote.

I was always fascinated with religion. Because Mormonism was the only
religion I knew when I was young, I was fascinated with Mormonism. I
spent a lot of time studying *The Book of Mormon*. I mean I read that
thing over and over, the way other kids read comic books. I read all the
books I could find on Mormonism. I went to temple a lot. I went by
myself. My mother didn't take us. I think she lost her faith after my
dad left, that or sorrow wouldn't let her be religious. I don't know. We
didn't have deep conversations, my mother and I.

It was odd that I found my place in that religion. I guess I just needed
something in which to believe. My father had left us. My mother had left
us emotionally and retreated into a world of sadness. My brother did his
thing. My sister coped as she could. I went to Mormon Temple. I came to
understand Jesus Christ as the Mormons did, the literal son of god,
resurrected from death, and the fulfillment of a blood offering by god
himself, an offering that healed the world. I don't believe it anymore,
but I'm not going to disrespect anyone else's belief. It helped me a lot
when I needed it. That's all that's important — the imagination becoming
real to make the unbearable bearable.

I was always attuned to the spirit world. I could see things other
people couldn't see, things around people, people in graveyards, shadowy
figures who I knew were not of the world. I was like that kid from the
movie, *The Sixth Sense*. I was born with this attuning. There was no
inciting incident, nothing that brought it on, at least not that I knew
about. I was scared a lot because of the place we lived, Bell Gardens.
It had a creepy vibe. I didn't know it when I was a child, but it was a
big center for magical culture, Spanish-Catholic subcultures like
Santeria and Palo Mayombe. My only context for my second sight, my
attuning to the world of spirits, was Mormonism, so I thought there was
an evil to it. I learned to keep my knowledge of the spirit world to
myself. There was no good outcome when I opened my mouth. My mother
didn't know what to make of what I told her.

I can't remember exactly how old I was when I started seeing the people.
They weren't living. I knew that much. I guess I was around ten years
old. Figures would appear in my home. They very often wore dark suits
and dark hats, fedoras. I know that sounds strange. It's a little like
the Men in Black you hear about in the extraterrestrial circles, but, as
long as I can remember, I've been seeing those people. Later on in my
life, I would meet them in the formal context through which they
interact with the human race at the top power circles, but, as a child,
they were like figures walking through my home that only I could see.

Revisiting all this in my story, my early childhood in Bell Gardens, the
religion my mother gave me, and the things I saw, I can see religion
gives us false answers. It packages our experiences for us. If you see a
shadowy being and you're Christian then the being is demonic. What I
learned as I matured was that psychic and spiritual experiences should
be looked at objectively. We need to be more stoic about these things,
like Marcus Aurelius — *This thing, what is it in itself, in its own
constitution? What is its substance and material?*[^3]

My father never abandoned us. He lived close by, and he stayed in our
lives, though he did deploy with the Navy quite a bit. I used to visit
him when he wasn't deployed. It involved walking down a train track for
a few miles. Like all movement in that crappy Bell Gardens neighborhood
in the late sixties, it was dangerous. I could get beat up or robbed. It
didn't matter I was only seven years old.

I had as a child one political foreshadowing of how utterly controlled
the world was, the moon landing. I watched the film of Neil Armstrong on
the moon with my brother in the living room of my house, and I saw the
flag flutter. I turned to my brother and said, Is there air on the moon?
He said he didn't know. It was interesting that I noted it. My father
came by to visit us a week before the moon landing. He gave me a black
and white Hasselblad camera photo of Neil Armstrong's first step on the
moon. I asked him who took the photo, but he couldn't say. He had the
photo before the astronauts returned with their dramatic ocean
splashdown in the capsule. How could that be? There wasn't any way to
transfer the film from the moon, no computer faxes or digital transfers
— how could that be my child's mind asked again and again. Later on in
life I found out. The truth of the moon story is that we really did go,
but the film is fake. It was shot in a studio by the great film maker,
Stanley Kubrick. We had *non-human* help getting to the moon. No human
civilization on the planet can get to the moon without help. We will get
more into that in future chapters. If you frequent conspiracy circles,
you've heard the story about Stanley Kubrick doing the moon landing film
in a studio. Some people think Kubrick was an outsider who looked into
the world that runs the world and spoke about it his whole life through
his films. I agree that all of his films have something to tell about
the inner workings of the people who run the world, but I'm not quite
sure Stanley was an outsider. He met his wife at a ritual.

After Bell Gardens
==================

A man started courting my mother when I was twelve years old The first
time he came over to our house he brought ice cream. I had never had ice
cream. Can you believe that? Twelve years old and I had never had ice
cream. My brother and sister and I finished off the entire tub of ice
cream while he waited for my mother. We must have looked as desperate as
we were. My brother was fourteen, so we didn't need a babysitter. I
guess us scarfing down the ice cream told him everything he needed to
know. He took one look around and did what was needed. He bought
groceries the next day. He could see the emaciated desperation in us
kids, the lack of nutrition, the ratty clothes, the general need. He
stood up and took responsibility. I never felt anything but love from
him. He treated us like we were his children. My biological dad loved
us, too. He was just deployed at sea a lot, and an alcoholic and a
womanizer, but imperfect people can love too. You have to go really dark
in this world for creation's love to abandon you. Believe me, I know.

The man who brought ice cream the first time we met him and groceries
the next day got us out of Bell Gardens. I went to high school in Orange
County, a much nicer school district and area of California. It was laid
back with Huntington Beach and surfers and pretty girls, not that I
cared. I was as chaste as could be. I was a Mormon through and through.
Where I was a victim in Bell Gardens, I was a gangster in Orange County.
The kids there could smell the street on me. They didn't have beginnings
like me — racial beatings from Latinos, a knife held to my throat, scary
streets to walk at midnight when I was seven years old, unattended by a
mother distracted by her own pain and loss, malnutrition and poverty —
no, nothing like my beginning. In my new neighborhood, I was the scary
guy. If anyone looked at me wrong I told them to fuck off. Nobody
stepped up to me. These kids were the guilty white progenitors of
political correctness. California was way ahead in this *progressive*
nonsense.

In Orange County I bulked up and played football. I also did track and
field. I used to love to go the gym. I think now it was the fear I had
bottled up. Every moment I pushed myself, caused myself pain, sweated,
and changed my body by will, I was confronting my fear. The sports
stayed with me for quite a while. I played college sports as well.
Orange County was a little bit of normal in my developmental years. I
thank my stepfather for it.

My fascination with god continued. It got stronger the older I got. I
read everything I could get my hands on related to god, all the while
staying a Mormon — no tobacco, alcohol. coffee or tea. It wasn't easy
doing that in the seventies. All the kids were drinking and smoking pot
and having sex. I taught myself transcendental meditation. I was looking
for a way out of the world. That's the only way I can explain it. I
wasn't suicidal. That's not what I mean. I wanted into the worlds the
spirits came from. I knew by what I had been seeing since I was a child
that other worlds existed. It's where the spirits lived. I wanted to go
there. I wanted to see these other worlds.

I was always restless, always imagining adventures for myself. Through
the Mormon Church, I managed to do my last year of high school in Salt
Lake City, Utah. The Mormons are very connected that way. We can all
debate theology, but there is no debating the warmth and family of
Mormon culture. I stayed with different families, and I worked evenings
and weekends in a restaurant. I just couldn't wait to get out on my own.
Seventeen years was enough with my mother. I needed to spread my wings
and fly. Nothing eventful happened in Utah. I mark it in the story as
the beginning of my independence.

After finishing high school in Utah, I went back home to work with my
stepdad in a plating shop. We worked on chemical tanks for plating gold,
nickel, brass. It was in this time that I made up my mind to go on a
mission for the Mormon Church. I went to Ogden, Utah for the months of
training to prepare me for the mission. The church didn't want to let me
do a mission at first because my parents didn't go to church with me. I
convinced them anyways, and I got a two year mission in St Louis,
Missouri.

I had some fascinating experiences on my mission. I really don't know
know if it was just because my mind was so focused on god, but I had a
number of paranormal experiences on mission. One time I went into a
church to speak with a minister. He wasn't a Mormon. He was an
evangelical. He had two cherub statues and they turned and looked at me
while I was in his church. That night when I went back to my mission
dormitory with my colleagues, as I always did. Something had followed me
back from the desolated church where I had spoken with he severely
dejected and beaten pastor. The door kept opening and slamming. There
was nobody there. My roommates and I started to get a little freaked
out. I later found out that the pastor at that church had lost his whole
congregation. Some evil had gotten into his life and taken him over. He
didn't realize what was going on. Most people having experiences with
the negative agents in life are often unconscious of it. We weren't able
to help him. He didn't want to be baptized in the Mormon Church.

There is no hierarchy to god or churches and beliefs. I'm not suggesting
our Mormon grace was higher than his. Very often religions represent
stages of our unfoldment, as the Mormon Church did for me as a child and
a young man. I was in my early twenties when I went to St. Louis. It's
very important that you note my spiritual evolution as I tell the story.
It is the story. I attended a number of exorcisms with the Mormon
Church. I heard voices come out of bodies, move around a room
disembodied, then go into the corner and cackle this demonic laughter
before leaving. All the people in the exorcism with me heard the same
thing. It was an objective experience. They're not really demons. The
whole religious lie is a dysphemism. Remember Marcus Aurelius — *This
thing, what is it in itself, in its own constitution? What is its
substance and material?* In most instances they're just dead humans
close to this world, looking to enjoy some alcohol or tobacco, or
something else they miss. But not always. I'll talk abut the other stuff
that gets into people later in the story.

I guess we go through things in life to build a foundation, like grade
school, but that doesn't excuse the widespread lies and falsehoods in
religion, and they are lies. Maybe not at the low level, but at the top
of all these religions they know what's going on. That's why the Vatican
is talking about our space brothers. They're just another shit show.
Even though the Mormon religion is largely false, they do have a
jurisdiction and a domain, and they do help a lot of people. What most
people don't know is the activities and symbols you get involved with in
the religion attract the negative entities to begin with. Then a steward
of the religion does something to dispel the negativity. You have a
supernatural experience and you end up believing more in the religion.
It's the ultimate form of self-fulfilling prophecy. Everybody is in on
it. The Catholics are in on it, the Protestants, and the Mormons are
sure as shit in on it.

Negativity always contracts consciousness. It likes to put you in a
space you don't step outside. It does this through fear. If you behave
this way you will become possessed by demons. It's a vicious cycle. It
pivots off of phenomenon. Remember, I'm not saying that entities don't
posses or influence people, quite the opposite. Most people on the
planet are affected by entities, disembodied spiritual entities or
beings who, for one reason or another, have no mobility on the other
side, are unable to ascend or move, and end up cohabitating with people.
It's epidemic on this planet. It's easy to fix, though, and most times
you've just had your free will usurped through some trick, some consent
you gave to something. Revoke consent and it ends. There's no money in
that, though, no cash to build churches and buy children for depraved
sexual purposes, no psychiatry, no pharmaceutical industry, no
opportunity to fuck with humanity, which is what these agents of chaos,
these controllers and their human *familiars* want.

The only real commodity on this planet from the perspective of the other
dimensions and the beings and entities therein is us. We're the prize,
our energy, our connection to creation, our spirit. That's what they
want, and they'll do anything to access and control it. If cows were
conscious would you tell them they were being raised to be harvested? Of
course not. They'd bolt in the night and take their chances in the wild,
forego the hay bails and salt licks and live independently. It's really
that simple. Religion is part of the control grid. They fool us by
controlling phenomenon. They have the answer for the shadowy figure in
your bedroom at night, the answer for why you're having bad dreams.
Leave the pasture. The shepherd is going to harvest you. All you're
looking for is love, because what created you did so out of love, and
when you give and accept love you celebrate your own creation, the
entirety of creation, and the creator itself, but, as you can tell from
my story, we have to cycle through these belief systems for personal and
social reasons. My association with the Mormon Church went long into my
adult life.

It was after my mission in St Louis that I went to college. I started
out in a junior college. From there I went to Brigham Young University
in Provo, Utah, and from there I transferred to Brigham Young University
in Hawaii. It was in Hawaii that I was introduced to the nightmarchers
[^4].

They started trying to communicate with me and to touch me.

> In Hawaiian legend, Nightmarchers are the deadly ghosts of ancient
> Hawaiian warriors.

> On the nights honoring the Hawaiian gods Kane, Ku, Lono, or on the
> nights of Kanaloa they are said to come forth from their burial sites,
> or to rise up from the ocean, and to march in a large group to ancient
> Hawaiian battles sites or to other sacred places. Legend says the
> nightmarchers are normal-size warriors, dressed for battle, carrying
> spears, clubs, and some are beating war drums and blowing tones from
> conch shells, to announce the advancing of their march. Legend also
> says they are suspended in the air; their feet do not touch water or
> ground as they traverse through the night, and they leave no evidence
> of their visitations.

> They march in darkness after sunset, and march as a group continuously
> until just before sunrise. Anyone living along their path may hear
> chanting, sounds of blown conch shell tones, and marching noise in the
> night. Mortals must go inside immediately, lay prone on the floor, and
> not look up to avoid notice from the Nightmarchers, in fear of harm or
> even death. Nightmarchers might appear during the day if coming to
> escort a dying relative to the spirit world.

I would hear a voice from behind me, turn, and nobody would be there.
Sometimes I would feel a finger poke me in the back, turn, and nobody
would be there. I spoke to the locals. They told me that I was
experiencing the nightmarchers. Because I was still wrapped up in the
Mormon church, I considered all things like this demonic and they
frightened me a little bit. I guess I was born with this ability to
interact with the other side. It can be taught, but most people who want
to be taught are already having experiences. Very few people ever come
to any understanding of this unless they're born with a natural ability.
You can develop it through meditation, but even the people who get into
that are usually having experiences. It seems to me the world is a place
where people wake up individually. Some native tribes, like the
Hawaiians and the Australians have deep shamanic traditions that allow
them to traverse the multiverse. Most of those cultures were attacked
during colonization. The Jesuits were tasked with getting the mystical
secrets from the shamans. Many of the shamans were tortured and killed.
The Vatican was the occult wing of the European expansion. The tribes
were left bereft of guidance. It's an undocumented part of our history.
The Jesuits and the Knights of Malta have always been the military wings
of the Vatican.

Whatever happened while I was getting my business degree in Hawaii, I
fell in love with the place. I live in Hawaii now. After I finished with
college — about a year short of my degree — I went back to Los Angeles
to live with my sister for a while. She was married, but she and her
husband were fighting all the time. My mother told me to get out of the
house. I ended up living in my car for an indeterminate of time. I was
kind of working odd jobs and just sort of ambling through my life
without any direction. This is often characteristic of people who are
touched by the other side. Because we have this other life going on, it
becomes a little bit more difficult for us to focus on the sort of
straight line progression of a normal American Life. I ended working for
a few years at McDonnell Douglas Aerospace. My sister hooked me up with
a job. He had already started his progression into corporate America
with the genius he inherited from my grandfather. I hated the corporate
world. It amazes me people can live that way their whole life. I guess
they do it for their kids, but for me, the gerbil cage of the office
cubicle was a spiritual death sentence.

I eventually decided that I wanted to enlist. I was living in Los
Angeles at the time. I went down to the recruitment office and I
enlisted for the Navy Seals. It was a long shot. Maybe one in ten
applicants gets accepted for training, and of them maybe twenty percent
get through the training. Some months later I was notified of my
acceptance into training. I couldn't believe it. I called my biological
father, the Master Chief in the Navy, and he was happy for me, but he
knew I was only some courses shy of a university degree. He advised me
to enlist as an officer on the promise I would finish my degree before
training. My start date with the navy was pushed back to accommodate my
desire to join training as an officer candidate. Los Angeles is the
biggest recruitment center for the US military. At this time in navy
history no one from Los Angeles had been recruited into the officer
class of the Navy Seals. I was the first. At the time I wasn't working
and I was living in my car. I don't know why, maybe it was my upbringing
in Bell Gardens, my emotionally absent mother, wandering the streets at
night, but I was never afraid of what I looked like to other people.
Being homeless was just another intermittent phase of my life back then.
It didn't get really cold in Los Angeles. It was easy to sleep in my
car, wash at the beach, and eat take-out.

In the cycle I applied there were nine hundred applications. Of those
ninety candidates were selected. It was a minor miracle I got in. The
selection pool for officer training was the best of the best, military
academies like West Point and Ivy League graduates from Harvard and
Yale, and some came from other branches of the military. I was recruited
from Los Angeles where I was living homeless in my car. I think what
impressed them was my Mormon Mission because they like commitment and
moral character. No doubt my family and my father, who was very
well-known and well-liked in the US Navy as a Master Chief, played a
determining role as well, nut nepotism only influenced getting the
opportunity. Nothing but you gets through the Navy Special Warfare
training. I had six months to finish my degree. I signed up for
university night courses in Phoenix and drove back and forth from Los
Angeles. I worked part-time in the service industry. I was run ragged,
operating on about fifteen hours sleep a week, but I finished my degree
and qualified for officer training.

Navy Special Warfare
====================

When I got my acceptance for the Navy Seal training I was ecstatic.
Those who have been through the program usually refer to it as Navy
Special Warfare. The general public knows it as Seal training. I was
twenty-eight years old when I entered Navy Special Warfare training.
Most of the guys I was with were younger than me. I didn't have a
straight line life like these guys. They came from disciplined families
where they were put on a path and marched it. The very last thing you
want to do at Navy Special Warfare training is stand out. You want to
blend in. You don't want anything about you that draws attention from
the trainers and the other candidates.

My father had originally gone through the progenitor of Navy Special
Warfare training in 1954. It was called UDT, which stands for underwater
demolition team. He failed. The actual Navy Special Warfare program was
commenced by John F Kennedy. I know the man who was in the room with
Kennedy when the president was describing what he wanted. Kennedy said
that he wanted men who could fight on the sea, in the air, and on the
land, and the gentleman who was taking notes said, Okay then we'll call
them Seals — sea, air, land — and that's how the name Navy Seal began.
What Kennedy envisioned was a completely dedicated commando unit that
really wasn't present in the US military at the time. They would be in a
constant state of training, and they would live out of a duffel bag,
on-call twenty-four seven to deploy for operations.

Training was in Coronado, California. It's a six month program at its
core with ongoing training throughout your enlistment. My class number
was one hundred and fifty-six. We were the first graduating class of
1989. At that time there were about seven classes a year graduating.
Each class has a graduation level between twenty and thirty percent, so
twenty-five to thirty guys per class, with most classes starting around
one hundred candidates. If you do the math, it's about two hundred
graduates a year. They are the elite of the elite in the US Military,
pure tactical aggression, the most combat-centric special operators in
the game.

If you're injured during Navy Special Warfare training you can stop and
start at a later date, so, as you're going through the training, new
guys enter your class at the point they became injured. The only way to
get kicked out of the program is to surrender, which involves ringing a
bell. If you ring the bell, you can't come back, but getting torn up or
breaking bones during the training doesn't disqualify you. You simply
have to begin again at the stage of the training where you got injured.
So the motto is, *don't ring the bell*.

As I went on in my training, a few guys did cycle in with us at various
stages where they had been injured in previous classes. The hardest
thing to do in Navy Special Warfare training is to start and finish with
your original class. The reason is that your body gets so banged up and
you get no time to heal. I was very fortunate to get through it on my
first shot, but I paid a horrible price in pain, which will be made
clear as this part of the story progresses.

On arriving at the training camp, you go to the quarterdeck and
register. I was a few weeks early. I was allowed to stay on the base
because I was slotted for the next class. As I moved around and got to
know the place, it was a lot like Mormon culture. It was very clean
living. I didn't hear any gutter talk about women or anything that I
might describe as lewd. As I got into the culture, my first impressions
were validated. There's no bravado or indecency is Navy Special Warfare.
If you were found out to have cheated on your wife or girlfriend, you
were treated like a shit bird. They didn't like it. The thinking was
that if you went on deployment you didn't want any worries about a
brother trying to sleep with your wife. In general, a high standard of
moral living is expected — no promiscuity, no heavy drinking, no drugs.
It was a lot like Brigham Young University.

When I trained in 1988, the Navy Special Warfare team had been whittled
down to less than one hundred and thirty members. They had been broken
up and sent to other parts of the Navy. The numbers had been built up
for Vietnam, but that war had been over for a decade and a half. I had
to wait thirty days to start because that's when the next officer class
commenced. When I went through training they were building up again. I
didn't realize it at the time, but they were building up for war. This
was four years before the first Iraq incursion under Bush Senior.

The training is broken up into three phases over the six months. Each
phase is two months long. There is no break between phases. You go right
from one to the next. It's brutal. The body has no time to heal. It's
designed to weed out the weak.

The first month is basic physical training. You do a lot of running,
twelve miles a day in combat boots. A lot of the runs take place on the
beach. There's a lot of obstacle course work, but these aren't like the
ones you see on those gladiator television shows. The obstacles can go
sixty feet high. If you fall off, and people do, you break whatever you
land on, arm, leg, what have you. So you get used to seeing people
falling away right from the beginning of the course. As I said, you have
the option to try again if you leave by injury. There's miles of
swimming in the ocean. If you've never swam distance in the ocean, let
me tell you, it's not easy. The waves and rip tides are difficult to
navigate, and you generally move a lot slower than if you were doing
laps in a pool. I thought I was in good shape when I went there, but I
wasn't. I was barely making the times.

The purpose of the first month of rigorous training is to prepare you
for hell week, which happens in the fifth week. If you can't make it
through the first four weeks, then there's no way you're going to make
it through the fifth week. The success rate in the officer training is
about sixty percent. The success rate in the enlisted training is about
ten percent. Remember, I was in the officer training. The guys I was
going through the program with were graduates of Harvard and Princeton.
I had read *Think and Grow Rich* by Napoleon Hill, and I was using a lot
of the techniques in the book, visualization and things like this. My
whole being had begun to center itself on the task before me. I was way
out of my league among these other Ivy Leaguers who were going through
the Navy Special Warfare training. They were younger guys who had done
everything by the book: started university right after high school,
finished on time, and were ready to go into the Navy Special Warfare
training in their early twenties. I was the old man of the group. Every
added year makes the physical test more difficult. In terms of endurance
and strength a human being might be at their strongest around
twenty-five years old, and it's just downhill from there.

The training for the entire six months is Monday to Friday. You get
weekends off. The first thing you have to get used to are the
instructors. They are all Navy Special Warfare themselves. There are no
words to describe these guys. If you get on their bad side, which is
usually done by some kind of defiance, your world goes to hell fast.
They'll break you. They'll find a way to break you and get you out of
the training. Obedience is the number one rule. We're treated like dogs.
That's the whole point of training. It's to break down your
individuality so you can fit into the team and be counted on in the most
dire of circumstances. Of course, not everybody understands this at the
outset. One fellow ran afoul of the instructors in the first week I was
there. The story I heard was he borrowed one of the instructors cars and
crashed it and told the instructor to go fuck himself. What I saw happen
to that guy was horrible. They extend the training. They bring you to a
point where you go and you ring the bell. When you see your first person
cut from the training it becomes real. You know this is a contact sport
and not everybody is getting out of it clean. Well, nobody is going to
get out of it clean and without injuries, but some are not going to make
it at all. Watching these instructors go on the guy who crashed the car
was like watching the Hell's Angels beat the crap out of somebody. They
were hardcore in every way. At the time I went through the Navy Special
Warfare training most of the instructors were Vietnam vets. They had
very little leeway for levity. That's the kindest way I can put it.

We started training with rubber rafts in the first month. We had to
learn how to paddle and ride the surf in them. This was leading up to
hell week where the rubber raft is central. In part of the training area
there were these big rocks in front of the water to break the surf. We
would have to ride the rafts at high tide into the rocks and then carry
the rafts up over the rocks. I saw guys break their legs. Throughout all
of this you push so hard that people do die. Not every class, but I was
told that just a couple classes before me two guys had died in Navy
Special Warfare training. At the end of every day at around five
o'clock, which is my best guess, we were told where to be the next day,
but we were never told what we were going to be doing. That was always
kept from us. They didn't want us prepared for what the day's activities
were going to be. On the weekends different guys would do different
things. Some guys would quietly read. I had one guy I went through camp
with who always had a book in his hands, Ernest Hemingway, TS Eliot, a
very literate guy. He would also drive every weekend when we had leave.
He was from the east coast and had never seen the west. He wanted to see
stuff, so he would drive out to Yosemite and the Grand Canyon and things
like this. I became kind of the opposite of the man I was before I
entered into Navy Special Warfare. I would go out drinking on the
weekends. So I got a little bit away from my Mormon roots. Throughout
all of this we would also be doing some intellectual training as well.
We had to learn to work with various types of explosives and set charges
and things like this. There was also hand to hand combat training, what
we called SCARS in Navy Special Warfare. This was not sport martial arts
where you were learning to make points. These are all pressure points
and places on the human body where if you hit once the person is not
going to be able to survive. And all of this was leading up to hell
week.

A Live One
==========

The rafts we used in the training were all beat up. I think they were
from Vietnam. We had to constantly repair them, patch holes, paint them,
and any other thing that came up. At every phase of training there is a
helmet and a T-shirt color. We were given fiberglass helmets at the
beginning of training and we first painted them green. We wear the green
helmet with a white T-shirt. After the initial warm up month, hell week
came.

Hell week is exactly what it sounds like. The chief characteristic is
that you're not allowed to sleep for five and a half days. When you make
it through hell week you get a green T-shirt. The entire training is
extremely hierarchical. When you start with a white T-shirt, the green
T-shirts will not talk to you. They don't want to know you. There's no
guarantee you're going to make it through hell week. The harassment was
nonstop as well. The helmets had to be kept in tip-top shape.
Instructors would come by in the evening and take a helmet off your bunk
and smash it on the ground and tarnish the paint job. They would say, I
want that looking like it was before I smashed it in the morning. They
did stuff like that all the time. I learned early on that the key to a
more peaceful progression through the training was to go unnoticed. Stay
in the middle of the pack. Don't be at the front and don't be at the
back. Blend into the middle.

Hell week is exactly what you think it might be with five and a half
days of no sleep and constant physical training accompanied by sporadic
interruptions of meals and downtime with flash bombs and weapons firing
around you with live ammo. The combination of being physically worn down
by the training, the swimming in the ocean, and the terror tactics take
you to a state of mind that is completely surreal. A lot of us
hallucinated. I remember seeing triangle shaped UFOs in the sky when I
was out on the raft and talking in my head with aliens on the craft.
Some in my class told me they spoke with dead relatives. Hell week
literally takes you out of your mind. I'm not using that as a euphemism
for crazy. I mean the sleep deprivation, weariness of muscles and
tendons and joints, and the shock and awe theatrics of the trainers
takes you to a place inside yourself that I might equate only to the
state of mind a nomadic tribe might experience during a difficult
seasonal migration. The whole point of the training is to take you to a
place you've never been. It's part of the breaking down process. The
military is all about breaking you down. The special forces are the
military on steroids. Everyone around you is going through the same
thing. So there really isn't anybody to tell you that you're going
crazy. The instructors add to the chaos rather than take away from it.
They're not there to be our friends. They're there to break whoever does
not belong in Navy Special Warfare. So we all kind of gradually slipped
into this *out of our minds* state together. It seemed normal to us.

We had a meal every six hours during hell week. That's four meals a day.
That was also our break and we got one hour. As hell week progressed the
instructors started fucking with us in the mess hall. We had to stand up
and do little plays and sometimes lean against each other. Hell week is
not allowed to be observed by any outsiders. There's a reason that hell
week is such a secret. You can't even really grasp what's going on
unless you see it. I'm one of the few people who has ever observed hell
week as a non participant. I designed a knife for the Navy Special
Warfare teams and it was accepted as standard issue. The design was
given to Gerber and they produce the knife. It's called the Silver
Trident. In actuality I just designed the handle, but my point in
telling this story is that in delivering the knives I had the chance to
see candidates in hell week. It's sheer lunacy. They're not even there.
I wasn't even there when I went through it. It's like they're riding on
autopilot. There's a reason that one of the expressions for madness is
being beside yourself. When you go outside of your mind you often have
this perspective where you are literally beside yourself and looking at
yourself. You're operating. You could be walking and talking, but you're
not there. There's a subjectivity to the personal experience of it that
is not fully contextualized until you observe it from a normal state of
mind, which is, I suppose, why no outsiders are allowed to see hell
week.

The way you get through hell week is to compartmentalize yourself deep
inside your brain. By the time you're done the training you have several
compartments inside yourself you've created by the various phases of the
training. I suppose you could say it's a form of trauma-based mind
control or mind expansion to teach survival skills at the deeper levels
of consciousness. I can tell you that if what was done to us was done to
an animal the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to animals (SPCA) would
be all over the abusers, But here's an important lesson for you right
out of the gate, but human beings have consciousness and therefore we're
able to consent, and where we consent there is no abuse. That's a very
important thing to understand, not just for surviving Navy Special
Warfare training but for many many aspects of life.

The one thing that you become thoroughly acquainted with throughout hell
week is the raft. That raft is with you everywhere you go. You have to
maintain it. You have to run with it over your head in a team. Before
you can have any one of your meals during hell week — breakfast, lunch,
dinner, and the midnight meal — you have to hold it over your head for
fifteen minutes. After that everybody goes inside to eat except for one
man who has to stay outside with a paddle and watch the raft. That man
is replaced by another designated man once he's done eating. I did it a
few times. While you're watching the raft, trainers walk up and try to
talk to you and fuck with you because we're not allowed to talk. If you
get caught talking hell week takes on an even more aggressive dimension.
You get singled out.

We also sing everywhere we go for hell week. We're forced to sing, but
really it's one of the best things during hell week. When you sing your
heart stays light and you don't really feel any sorrow. A sense of humor
is also always present. Laughter has a way of reconstituting you. The
Latin American poet, Pablo Neruda, said that laughter is the language of
the soul. I can tell you that if you're going to make it through hell
week and Special Warfare Training in the navy you have to be able to
laugh. Laughter has a way of taking tragedy and flipping it on its head.
Ever since I went through Navy special Warfare training I have to be a
little bit cautious about when I laugh. Some people think I'm laughing
at them. I'm not. But I can laugh in the most tragic of circumstances
because the laughter transforms the tragedy. It puts the negative
circumstance in its proper place and allows a being to persist.
Otherwise sorrow will drown you very quickly.

It was one hundred and ten degrees Fahrenheit during my hell week, and
they typically made us run everywhere with the rafts. Because it was a
hundred and ten degrees during the day, they didn't let us run due to
heat exhaustion, and there were guys dropping due to heat exhaustion. So
what they did to replace running was they took us on an eight hour tour
of the base with the rafts held up over our heads. They took us to every
office and command center. It turned out to be a giant pain in the ass.
Most of us would have preferred the run because it was only four miles
and if you didn't faint due to heat exhaustion you were done. But to
walk around the base for eight hours, holding that raft over our heads,
was unbearably brutal on the arms, back, shoulders, and the whole body.
That's the way these instructors worked. If they were told they couldn't
do something like run due to heat exhaustion they would replace it with
something that would make you wish you ran. They did that with
everything. If any plan deviated, the alternative was an escalated form
of the original intent of the training or exercise. Just for your
information, the raft was approximately two-hundred and twenty pounds,
and it was held aloft by six people. That's not an extraordinary amount
of weight distributed over six strong young men, but over time it feels
like you've got the world on your shoulders. I felt like I lost an inch
in height after a day of carrying the raft. Then, to be the especially
brutal bastards they could be, the instructors designed the idea of
spraying us with water, and, while doing so, incidentally filling up the
rafts above our heads with water adding who knows how many more pounds
to the lift.

Another popular thing for the instructors to do during hell week was to
throw us in the water at night. It was really cold, around forty degrees
Fahrenheit. We weren't allowed to wear wet suits. We went into the water
in our long green pants, our combat boots, and a long-sleeve combat
shirt with a collar and buttons. What we had to do then was strip down
to nothing in the water and turn our pants into a flotation device. I
won't bore you with the details of how that's done, but I will tell you
that one of the steps in the process was to take our boots off and tie
them around our necks. As luck and circumstance would have it, someone
dropped his boots to the floor of the bay. The instructors refused to
allow us to leave the water until the boots were retrieved. We were
there for quite some time. It went on too long for the instructors, so
to lend incentive they said whoever finds the boots their boat crew can
sit out the rest of the night's training. I swam over to that guy and I
said, Dude, tell me exactly where you were when you lost those boots.
Now you have to remember, I'd been scuba diving for twenty-one years by
this point, so I had him mark his position by the seawall, the exact
spot he was. My father introduced me to scuba diving. I started in a
pool at his apartment complex. I was seven years old. After that I dove
any time I could. I took courses when I was a teenager, and I already
had all my civilian dive certifications before Navy Special Warfare.
Once he was sure, I dove down with my eyes open. I started visualizing
the boots. And this is when I started realizing I had a high level of
intuition. I'd already seen all the paranormal stuff in the Mormon
mission, but the realization of my heightened intuition had not come to
me yet at twenty-eight years of age. I saw inside my head where to go,
and I was led to the bottom. My hand landed on his boot and I picked
them both up. My boat crew sat out the rest of the night's training, and
we got to put our clothes on. The rest of them had to lay on a steel
platform, butt ass naked, getting hosed with water.

I can't begin to describe the physical pain of hell week as it
accumulates day after day. I sustained injuries in my feet that
persisted for the rest of my training after hell week. I also had what
might have been my most spiritual experience during hell week. In one of
the exercises when we were running on asphalt, the instructors would
grab the bow line of the boat and pull it faster and faster until you
were sprinting. You did not want to lose the boat. Losing the boat would
bring consequences. By this time at the midpoint of hell week we knew
what consequences were and you just did not want consequences.

In this particular exercise the instructors pull the bow line as hard
and fast as they can and other instructors are kicking and screaming and
taking punches at us and we're sprinting on asphalt with this
two-hundred and twenty pound raft over our heads. It's absolutely
insane. The instructors would sling smaller instructors right up into
the raft while it was over our head and we were sprinting, so then you
would be sprinting with the weight of the raft and the added weight of
the instructor, which was never less than a hundred and fifty pounds.

The whole time you're doing this, you're sprinting on pavement in combat
boots that have a steel shank, and after some time your feet start to
feel as though somebody is taking a sledgehammer and slamming it into
your feet. Everybody is in acute pain, but nobody wants to stop because
the consequences are too great. All you hear are these grunts and these
screams, *go, go*. Then, all of a sudden I could only hear one thing. It
was the voice of somebody completely broken, and they were saying,
*mommy, mommy*, over and over. It took a moment or two, but I realized
it was my voice. I had been broken to the point of a kid a little older
than a toddler. My vision started pulsating red. The red got darker and
darker, like looking at lava without any peripheral vision, then I saw a
pinpoint of white light in the red, and it grew and grew and got
brighter, right in the middle of this deep magenta red that had colored
my whole vision, then I had a white out. They called it a white out. We
all had it. The exercise was designed to produce it through the pain and
intensity. A white out is when you temporarily leave your body even
while your body is still functioning. It develops a heightened sense of
intuition and clairvoyance. They literally forced me out of my body in
the training. I could see everything inside my head so clearly. It was
like I was being reborn. I was a new person.

I'll take a moment here to explain that this is a lot of what the
trauma-based augmentation programs like MK Ultra were all about. What
they are doing in a lot of these programs is continually drowning people
and bringing them back until their spirit leaves their body. They're
trying to do exactly what was done in the Navy Special Warfare training.
It's very important that you go through this world with a minimal amount
of judgment. The only real judgment we can apply at the end of the day
is natural law, which includes the supernatural, and excludes the
preternatural. The compartmentalization that they want to create in the
training is to keep you going under any circumstance. Lose a leg from
the knee down? Keep going. Bullet through the hand? Keep going. Hell
week teaches you to keep going.

The instructors know what's going on when we white out. They can see it
in our eyes. When one of us goes into this super consciousness they say
out loud, *We've got a live one here*. It's kind of beautiful when you
think about it. Through the horror of the training, the unrelenting
discipline and endurance, there is this profound spiritual experience.

I broke the metatarsal bones in both my feet running on the asphalt. I
went to see the doctor for the pain. He confirmed the fractured bones. I
was given a choice of stopping and rejoining the training where I
stopped at a future class or continuing. I finished my training with two
broken feet.

Dead Man Walking
================

If you've been following the story so far you'll know that I died twice
— once when the knife was put to my throat in Bell Gardens, and again
when my spirit left my body in hell week. I've had numerous near-death
experiences besides those two. Near-death experiences are fairly well
documented. They happen in hospitals quite a bit. The first time I left
my body was when I was a kid in Bell Gardens. My vantage point on the
entire scene changed. I wasn't looking out my eyes with a knife at my
throat. I was beside and above the whole situation, detached from
everything. I knew it was me on the street with a knife cutting my
throat. I could see my neighbors running out and yelling at the culprit.
I could see the confusion in his face. I could see my street, my
neighborhood, cones of light from the street lamps, and all of it was in
its right place. The moment the guy let go of me and took the knife away
from my throat, I went back into my body. It was like it never happened
to me. The only thing to remind me that it did happen was the blood on
my shirt and the stinging on my throat. The assailant split skin but he
didn't cut deeply into my throat. My trachea and arteries were fine.
There was no threat to my life. I remember my neighbors cleaning me up.
The cut was too shallow for stitches, so they put a few bandages on my
neck. Everybody was in shock, everybody except me. My neighbors told me
I was a very brave boy. I remember the fear in their faces.

I couldn't tell anyone I'd been out of my body looking at the whole
event and a cushion of peace insulated me from the horror of what was
going on. It was a monumental event for a kid as young as me at the
time. I didn't tell anybody, not my mother, my brother, or my sister. I
would have gotten into serious trouble for being out so late at night.
Imagine that, a little kid with a knife to his throat and leaving his
body.

Every time you leave your body under duress something comes back with
you. A little part of the other side stays with you. I've never been
through any of the government trauma programs, but I know about them.
Deliberate trauma goes far back in the human record. The
compartmentalization I describe in the Navy Special Warfare training is
what happens in these trauma-based mind control programs, but, unlike
when it happens naturally through intense physical exertion, or through
the shock of having a knife put to your throat, these people who go
through the programs lead horrible lives. They never get whole. They're
like pieces of a person glued back together. You can almost see the
seams.

The programs begin in Montreal, Quebec. They were run as a CIA covert
program out of Allan Memorial Institute McGill University.[^5] The man
in charge was named Doctor Ewan Cameron, a ghoul of a man.

> The Montreal experiments were a series of experiments, initially aimed
> to treat schizophrenia by changing memories and erasing the patients'
> thoughts using Donald Ewen Cameron's method of “psychic driving” as
> well as drug-induced sleep, intensive electroconvulsive therapy,
> sensory deprivation and Thorazine. The experiments were conducted at
> the Allan Memorial Institute of McGill University between 1957 and
> 1964 by the Scottish psychiatrist Donald Ewen Cameron and funded by
> the CIA as part of Project MK Ultra, which lasted until 1973 and was
> only revealed to the public in 1975.

> The patients of this experiment, who were mainly diagnosed with
> depression or schizophrenia expected positive changes from Cameron's
> treatment. However, these patients suffered severely under conditions
> that are not in accordance with the human rights. Not only the
> patients but also their families show long lasting effects on their
> mental health. Some of these symptoms include retrograde amnesia as
> well as impairments in every day life abilities such as self-care.

> To this day, the topic of the experiments of Montreal has been kept in
> the dark by the CIA, who actively prevent information about these
> experiments from being leaked to the public, whether that be through
> destruction of files or signing non-disclosure agreements.

That was just the beginning. The victims and their families sued the
Canadian government. They were compensated. It didn't end there. A
class-action lawsuit was launched at the beginning of 2019.[^6] This
one, filed in the Province of Quebec, names the US Attorney General as a
defendant.

> The project in Montreal was one in which psychiatric patients,
> hospitalized for a variety of different reasons, were subjected to a
> series of procedures that involved the use of experimental drugs,
> intensive shock treatments, sensory deprivation, forced sleep for
> weeks on end and the use of recorded voices for hours at a time in
> order to bring about behaviour change. These procedures, designed to
> manufacture new lives for those on whom they were applied, only
> succeeded in destroying the lives which they had led. For some, these
> techniques so changed their basic sense of self that what was left
> appeared unrecognizable to those who loved them.

That was in the middle of the twentieth century. All this stuff started
with the Nazis — *I hate Hitler!*. My grandfather was a very dark guy.
Some negativity got deep inside of him and just burrowed and burrowed
right to his soul. It amazes me people like that can keep going. It
would seem a natural conclusion would be suicide, but no. Darkness has
its own light. Jacob Boehme[^7] was right.

> It is not to be thought that the life of darkness is sunk in misery
> and lost as if in sorrowing. There is no sorrowing. For sorrow is a
> thing that is swallowed up in death, and death and dying are the very
> life of the darkness.

The *human potential* programs, my euphemism for MK Ultra, were the
byproduct of the Nazis, who were themselves the byproduct of the
extraterrestrials., through the Thule society and the Vril society, both
of which were the product of telepathic communication and technology
from Semjase, a Pleiadian working with the Germans between the two world
wars. This will be discussed in the Pleiadian chapter.

All of nature is perfect. Only man, the observer, the transcendent
aspect of nature, sees a fault in it. The fault lies in our perception,
our attachment to the body, our meager physical life, and our fear of
the unknown. Also, the way the creator set up man and nature makes man
the heir of predation in his thoughts and feelings. There is no thought
of guilt when a jaguar kills a pig in the rainforest. The jaguar is no
more capable of guilt than the pig is of victim consciousness. Man, the
observer, becomes the expression of both the guilt and the
victimization, and then, to make it even more comical, the lawyers come
in to assert damages. It's a shit show. In human affairs, a new protocol
is added to nature — consent. The day will come when moneyed serial
killers will obtain consent before the torture, rape, murder, then
consumption — cannibalization — of victims, and the law will permit it.
In many ways, it does now, but humanity is so far removed from what
these ghouls are doing nobody yet exists to contest their Frankenstein
experiments. The Canadian court cases, both the one already won in
Canada and the one commenced against the US Attorney General, are the
first I know of. It will be very difficult to go further into the
military-scientific experiments on humanity because they went
underground, both literally and figuratively. The literal part is the
vast international underground world that exists now, connected by
high-speed trains we don't have above ground, so fast you can go from
Los Angeles to Sydney, Australia is less than an hour. Most of the
really dark experiments are done underground now. The figurative part of
the underground is the human population used. They create their own
children now, unregistered and unknown in the world. And they set up
orphanages to have a steady supply of children nobody will inquire
about. It's not just the experiments for which the children are used.
They are also used in a vast, international pedophilia ring that is so
big now I'm amazed hey can even hide it. More on that in a future
chapter.

Consent is a very tricky thing to understand in the modern world. These
law ghouls have so confounded the free will dynamic on the planet we're
practically in a state of constant consent. The moment you're born in
the developed world you are *conscripted*. The birth certificate
essentially registers you as the property of the state. Because we
forfeit our sovereignty at birth we are the property of the state. They
don't come right out and say it, but it's there. This is how they did
the experiments in Montreal. The people were wards of the state. If you
want a general rule to find the dark centers in society, look to the
places where people go in states of surrender and need — psychiatric
hospitals, orphanages, old age homes, anywhere people are separated from
the love of family and friends. The old age homes are used for
euthanasia. That should be clear now with the virus and quarantine. When
they kill the old people they don't have to pay social security. That's
how they manage their contractual obligations. See what happens if you
don't file your income taxes. You'll go to jail, another place they
experiment on people.

Our society has become so dark that ghouls fit in now. We have been
conditioned to accept the ghoul. What started in Montreal never ended.
It goes on today. Shit went dark. Everyone read into the program holds
the secret like a Mormon Temple oath, or a Masonic pledge. The bullshit
rationalizations are endless. It's a shit show. My grandfather saw it
all start in Germany. All this crap in its modern form came out of Nazi
experiments. *I hate Hiler!*

I brought back abilities from the other side. The near-death experience
as a kid started something. Once you've had one it's much easier to have
more. It's kind of like dislocating your shoulder. If you do it once,
there's a high chance you're going to do it throughout your life. The
ball in the socket gets loose somehow and your shoulder just pops out
from time to time. It's the same thing with near-death experiences. I
could see things that other people couldn't see. It was especially acute
in graveyards. You'd be amazed at how many spirits hang around in
graveyards and hospitals. I could see into people. I describe it as
looking inside their head. I could see their hopes, their fears, their
past, the things that had traumatized them, the things which were
holding them back from new perspectives on life, all of it out there for
me to see like a deck of cards spread out on a table. That's why the
nightmarchers recognized me in Hawaii.

The second sight is a two-way street. Where I could see inside of people
and I could see aspects of the other side of life, others on the other
side of life could see me, and they knew I could see them. It was a very
strange ability to have as a young child and to grow up with. I could
see what my mother was thinking, what my sister was thinking, what my
brother was thinking, what my school teachers were thinking. Thoughts
don't manifest as words. Images form the language. I saw it all.
Language is just an interpretation of an event. I saw the events
themselves. Things started to visit me at night. I would wake up in my
bedroom and there would be figures. They were just standing there
looking at me while I slept. Strangely, I was never afraid. From the
moment I popped out of my body with that knife to my throat I entered a
new reality. It became my new normal. The white-out in Navy Special
Warfare training taught me that there were many ways to do this.
Governments and secret societies and cults have been doing this since
the beginning of time. The excessive meditation of Tibetan training is a
form of mind control and trauma-based conditioning. We don't call it
that because people aren't abused the way they are in the MK Ultra
programs, but they are trauma-based. To sit and meditate for four hours
is a form of trauma upon yourself. The goal is to awaken the inner
perception by shutting down the senses and disengaging the mind without
going to sleep. That is the entirety of spiritual practice as simple as
anybody is ever going to put it for you. Religions are what children are
given when they're raised in families so they never ask the questions
and never begin the journey that will lead to spiritual awakening.
Religions are spiritual placebos to keep consciousness in the womb.
They're forms of mass mind control.

I was a kind of dead man walking in Navy Special Warfare. I started in
Fort Benning, Georgia, for jump training, then I went to the Amphibious
Delivery Vehicle Unit, Seal Delivery Vehicle Team Two at the Amphibious
Base, Norfolk, Virginia. I didn't have my trident yet. That's your pin.
We called it the Budweiser. There's no time limit to get it.

For my first six months they sent me to ten different schools for
further training. One was called *unconventional warfare*. It was a
series of lectures in Florida. A four-star general described in detail
what it was like on the Bataan Death March in World War II across the
Philippines. The Japanese were brutal. If you fell back one or two steps
at the back of the line they would just stab you and leave you on the
side of the road to bleed out. It was all senior officers. I was
probably the youngest guy there. I heard another lecture from a guy who
was involved in the operation to rescue the American hostages in Iran
under Carter. That mission completely fell apart. The helicopters
weren't ready for dealing with sandstorms. I got on an intense sense of
what can go wrong in a planned operation from these lectures. I had a
lecture from a CIA guy while I was there. That was my first encounter
with the CIA. It would not be my last. The CIA is the most pervasive
intelligence service, in every corner and crevice of the world, and into
the solar system and the galaxy through extraterrestrial connections.
I'll get into that more as my story unfolds.

There was another lecture about the war on drugs. I was fascinated by
this lecture. Afterward, I went up to the lecturer and I asked him, how
long before the war is won? He gave me a very funny look and didn't
answer my question directly. I asked two or three more times and his
final answer was, We're working on it. The message was there was no
intent to win the war on drugs. In a few more years we would be in
Panama grabbing Manuel Noriega's piggy bank, the cartel money he banked
for them. That's what Panama was all about. Noriega was an account *El
CIA* closed. Noriega, despite all his prostrations to the Vatican, who
ultimately sheltered him, was a practitioner of Santeria. That's why the
news kept reporting evidence of black magic as the troops trailed
Noriega through the towns and mountain pueblos of Panama — a dead
chicken in the center of a chalk drawing. We cornered him in a Jesuit
monastery and blared Van Halen until he came out. Noriega loved
classical music. He was a classy guy under the pock faced little thug
demeanor. Noriega and the Panama invasion was when George Bush took over
the drug trade. I can assure you, George Bush's real wealth was more
than a trillion dollars when he died, if, in fact, he died at all.

As I moved around these high-level intelligence and military people, I
could not read their thoughts. Something was blocking me. I was able to
see inside of people's heads for the most part. But in these circles,
no. They were guarded, protected, something was keeping them outside of
my view. But, as is so often the case in this two-way street, they, for
reasons I never quite understood, knew that I had consciousness and
perception abilities capable of seeing thoughts and feelings around
people and seeing into the other side. If there's one thing I want to
stress in my story, it's that intelligence and military is not just
physical and logistical, it's occult. At their core they are occult
organizations.

You must remember that at this stage of my story I was still a Mormon. I
was still living the moral purity of a Mormon life, I'd done a little
bit of drinking while I went through the intense part of Navy Special
Warfare training. I went out on weekends and I had a few beers. Aside
from that, I had not broken any of my covenants with the Mormon faith. I
still didn't drink coffee. smoke tobacco. or drink more than a beer at a
time. It's very hard to get along socially in the military world without
having a drink from time to time. My point is, I was still living the
Mormon life and I still had that moral code. I was like a lamb in a den
of wolves. They must have thought I was some kind of idiot man child
that just fell off the back of a turnip truck, a slightly more
articulate and physically capable Forrest Gump. I simply just did not
fit in with that crowd, but they couldn't beat me, they couldn't bend
me, and they couldn't get rid of me.

My commanding officers could see I was bored stiff, so I was given
little things to do. I was given the combinations to the safes which had
all the long-range planning for the teams. I went through all the plans.
They detail troop buildup and deployment over twenty-five, fifty, and a
hundred years. The military is constantly scoping out and constantly
gaming scenarios. When I would find myself in a casual situation with a
commanding officer, maybe a meal at the cafeteria or something like
this, I would reference the plans I had read and asked questions. They
couldn't believe I read the plans. I never got any answers. Reading the
plans and asking questions was not something I was supposed to do. You
have to understand that all independence of mind and thinking is shunned
in the military. I quickly developed a reputation as a shit bird. They
were frustrating the hell out of me on purpose. Welcome to the US
Military, the greatest bureaucratic nightmare on the planet. It's one
hundred times worse than the Department of Motor Vehicles or the
Internal Revenue Service. It's ironic to me that an organization that
prided itself on action was so stifled by bureaucratic procedures. Later
on I would realize it's because most of the operations done by the
military, and here I mean the small team stuff, is off the books and
never really happened. It's all black box/white box. It's better that
way. You can never be asked questions about something that never
happened.

Finally after six months of this nonsense, I was put into a training
program to operate mini-subs. I was sent off to San Diego and on my way
to getting my trident. It was kind of a cool program, the mini-sub
program. We trained in very cold water at night. We had to break the ice
to get under the water. I used to wear three seven millimeter wet suits.
I had a really hard time finishing my training and getting my trident.
Everyone on my team had received their trident already except me. I
finally took it up with the chief. I was very polite about it. He opened
the safe, left his office after looking at me and saying, The safe is
open. I went into the safe and looked at my training file. It had all
kinds of derogatory comments in it. I whited them out, photocopied the
original form with the white-out, then shredded the original and put it
all back in the safe. Shortly after that I received my trident. When I
think back on this I wonder why it was that my team had all these
negative comments about me. I excelled at everything I did. I was an
exceptional navigator of the mini-sub. The only thing I can come up with
was I had an innocence, a naivete, and a very pure heart. In the special
forces, people don't want to work with a guy like that. You have to be a
little bit hard-hearted to get their trust. At the end of the day, these
are killers. Nobody wants a warm-hearted, honest, naive guy in the
Hell's Angels. It's the same with the special forces and especially with
Navy Special Warfare. In the end I got my trident. I was no longer a
dead man walking.

Most of my work in Navy Special Warfare was intellectual or related to
the mini-subs. I saw no combat, not a single firefight in seven and a
half years, at which time I retired due to injuries, two back operations
to be precise, the result of one leg being a bit longer than the other
and the arduous torture I put my body through with the physical training
of Navy Special Warfare. Our lives catch up to us through our bodies.
After Navy Special Warfare I contracted for three years, mainly with the
CIA, as so many former special forces members do. I will maintain my
oath of confidentiality here because I gave my word, and holding your
word is important, even if the contract is with the devil,
metaphorically speaking. I will only say that my work with the CIA was
largely intellectual as well.

Predation
=========

With my basic introduction out of the way — where I come from, what I've
seen and endured, the education and training I undertook, my *other
side* consciousness due to near-death experiences — we'll get to the
core of my story, the reason I have even decided to speak at all. We
live in a Satanic-Luciferian system. Try to detach the terms from their
religious roots. They have nothing really to do with the Christian
faith. That's another deception, a dysphemism. The religious cover story
is a distraction from the real problem. Our planet has been overrun with
extraterrestrial agendas, with human beings as the guinea pigs in
experiments designed to understand god, because a sentient being is
required — it can't be done with an animal — and inter-species commerce
in which human beings are psychically and physically consumed or sold as
sex slaves. Our consent has been indirectly given by the systems that
have been created to subvert our sovereignty and protection from the
creator. Extraterrestrials didn't do this to us. Our own brethren have
done it, the human familiars who were first seduced by unlimited power
and indulgence on earth.

I must be clear here. I'm not a crusader fighting the darkness. I
respect the darkness. It is our greatest teacher. You'll understand
better in a subsequent chapter when I detail my time in Palo Mayombe.
The darkness must follow the rules, though. The universe has a causal
force related to time. Every thought and action is allocated to the soul
that generated it. There's a law of harmonics in the universe where a
soul's creation in the dual worlds is returned to it. You might know
this as karma, which is a valid spiritual law. The Abrahamic scriptures
cover it quite well in the reaping and sowing parables. It's endemic to
every spiritual system in the world. What we have done is forfeit our
protection under that law by giving our consent through these social
contracts, all of which were designed for debt accountability. You have
a social security number so you can pay on the national debt.

Governments literally collateralize the productivity of their
*citizens*. Citizen is a formal legal designation from Roman law. It
separates these individuals from the slaves. A debtor is in a loss of
freedom until the debt is paid. Governments tell you that citizenship
from birth, ergo the registering of the birth and the acceptance of a
birth certificate is the *benefit* of being born in that geography. Not
really. It's really the consignment of your productivity as collateral
against borrowing, and if you look at the balance sheets of most nations
on the earth, nobody born in a so-called free society is really free.

The debt is so all-consuming now that most people will have to work from
birth to death indentured to the debt and the income tax it
necessitates. So what does that mean in the context of the
Satanic-Luciferian systems — loss of the right to dissent and
presumption of consent to honor the debt.

These left-hand systems have gone through many cultures throughout
history: Babylon, Egypt, even the Mayan blood rituals, to add a native
dimension to it. It's an infection that enters the mind, the same as an
individual possession by dark forces. It always comes through the mind.

These systems have festered and grown out of control in the past, but
they have never been this entrenched before. Technology aids them. The
institutions we created aid them. The systems aid them. Satan is the
most recognized left-hand path, and that's all we're talking about here,
the left-hand path. It's been around since the beginning of time, way
before the Christians went to war with the ideological construct they
morphed into Satan. The Muslims have doubled down on it. In this world
we are allowed by the laws of free will to explore wholeness through the
dark or the light, In the occult, these are called the left-hand path,
the path of darkness, and the right-hand path, the path of light. When I
say *Satanic* in this text I mean the left-hand path, the path of
darkness. Religion isn't a path. It's what people choose when they don't
want a path in life, an afterlife insurance policy sold to the gullible,
a failure to take responsibility, a failure to seek, to grow, to become
the independent being connected to creation we are supposed to be.

The fuel that the Satanic system runs on is children. The children are
used for sex magic, torture, ritual murder, and too many things to list
here. The numbers of children, the global reach of these systems of
practice, and institutional control they have is staggering. Most people
struggle with the concept of Satanism. If they get past that, they
struggle with the global scope of the practice, and the final mental
hurdle is the institutional control they have. I assure you, it's all
real.

There is a magic in children. It has to do with the non-separation
between reality and imagination. This is to my sense what Christ meant
when he said, *Assuredly, I say to you, unless you are converted and
become as little children, you will by no means enter the kingdom of
heaven.* [^8]

The imagination and reality are one thing from the perspective of the
Satanic practitioner. Reality is simply their unmanifested imagination.
The rituals are for manifestation, to bring something into reality. In a
sense, we are all trying to manifest our reality. The young student
studying all night to become a doctor is trying to manifest that reality
for themselves. I went through hell to manifest the title of Navy
Special Warfare member, to be a Navy Seal. We've all made sacrifices to
manifest something. A mother sacrifices her body to produce children.

The difference is we make a personal sacrifice to achieve goals. They
sacrifice others. It's hard to imagine what could bring a person to
human sacrifice. It's hard to imagine what religious decree could make a
person copacetic with taking another human life, especially a child's.
Yet it goes on. It goes on at a frequency that would alarm people. It
goes on in circles and among people who might be the last people you
would expect to be doing this. The chief characteristic of the dark
rituals is rage. The practitioners are consumed by a lack of control and
to reassert their control or the perception of control they take life.
It's the ultimate commitment to a lost spiritual thread in an individual
life. The dark side can deliver none of the benefits the soul needs to
find its true home.

I want you to try to imagine living in a reality that spans multiple
spheres or dimensions of expression. There are too many to count. Each
of those spheres represents our reality. We, therefore, must ask
ourselves what is a reality? A reality is a chain of constants that
allow a being to believe they are living in a reality. Let's take our
planet and our physical reality as the baseline. Every day the sun rises
and sets. The constellations remain the same at night time. The
elemental structure of air, earth, water, and fire remains constant and
build most of the material in this domain. The force of gravity remains
constant and our weight is affixed to the ground. We don't float away.
Everyone we know who is born will die. Our parents pass before us. Our
children are born after us. The generations continue. Species come and
go. We know the dinosaurs were on the earth because of the fossil
record, but they are no longer here because we don't bump into them when
we're hiking in the woods. Our bodies are susceptible to certain
illnesses, which have been documented by our medical systems. All of
these things form our reality. They are constant. They are a small list
of the constants that make this physical reality apprehendable to us.
For the most part human consciousness is limited to what the five senses
can take in and what the mind can process. Our senses and our mind
appear to have been created to interact with this reality, therefore we
do not feel alien. We feel as though we belong. When we look at the
other mammal life on the planet we can see that like us they have two
eyes, two nostrils, a nose, and two ears. We know we are different from
the rest of nature because we are bipedal. None the less, we can see in
the other mammalian life-forms a consistency to the life pattern on this
planet. To come into this reality you need a body. The natural system
births new forms of life through women. It takes a man and a woman to
produce a baby. It's the same for the other mammalian life around us,
cats and dogs, and everything in the wild. All of these things form the
constants that define a reality.

It is the same for all other realities. When you go when you investigate
the negative dimensions, what some might call the hell dimensions, there
are constants that maintain those spheres of reality. Some regions are
kind of like waiting stations. I hesitate to use the word purgatory
because it is so charged with the religions that support it. These other
dimensions have certain constants. Some are quite dark. The light that
is there is difficult to define. The only word I can think of is
phosphorescent. It just seems to exist around certain living things,
although even the word living might be misused. Beings exist in these
realms but to say that they live compared to what we call life here in
our world might be a bit of a misnomer. Some of these dimensions exist
in context to the earth. This means that if the earth did not exist they
would not exist. And in between Realms are world's there can be little
buffers as well. There's a buffer space between the physical world and
the lower astral plane. People who get caught in this place end up
living a non-physical existence alongside humanity. They create a lot of
problems for us. Most if not all of the people that we define medically
as schizophrenic are occupied by disembodied beings in this buffer zone.
They operate in groups and there is a social system just like on earth.

When you understand this, you also understand how misguided the human
race is. It's a strange affectation of our times that as our technology
and our sciences appear to grow our comprehension of the spiritual
worlds diminishes. It's hard to imagine living in a world where the
medical sciences do not understand what I am describing. I can assure
you that any psychiatrist working in a lockdown facility for twenty
years or more would have experiences with schizophrenic people in which
they were told things it would be impossible for the schizophrenic
person to know unless they were communicating with a disembodied entity.
They brush these concerns and experiences aside and continue with the
allopathic treatment for this mental disease, which is a Perpetual
paycheck for the pharmaceutical companies and the doctors. There's no
overstating the degree to which the law of economy has screwed us over,
where the law of economy is a spiritual law not often discussed in
religions.

The left-hand paths understand the law of economy much better than the
right-hand paths. The right-hand paths that are visible on the planet,
the religions which are constantly seeking new adherents, are so far
lost now that they're more damaging than they are good. The left-hand
path answer questions. When you meet somebody who has traveled the
left-hand path they know what they know and there is no faith involved.
What they are blind to are the spiritual consequences upon themselves to
the left-hand path. This is what their controllers keep from them. Every
religion in the spiritual path on this planet is a form of economy, and
all economies are quid pro quo, and all economies once established do
not want to go away. Just try telling allopathic medicine that they have
to give up the pharmaceutical and medical Revenue from schizophrenia and
see what happens. Very often everything that happens in these other
worlds is visible on this physical plane. The invisible worlds must
represent themselves in this physical reality because there's a law of
descent which states that that which exists above must manifest below.

The whole multiverse is a system of contracts. It's an endless series of
exchanges no different than the ecosystem you see in a rainforest are at
your local swamp. This is what has been so perverted in the human mind.
There is this idea of an absolute battle between good and evil. No such
battle exists. In this regard I place the blame squarely on the
mismanagement of the Hebrew text by the Catholic church and subsequent
Islamic caliphates. To live life without an adversary is to risk not
growing at all. Adversity is your best friend in life. Never go looking
for adversity but where it finds you meet it squarely with your feet
planted in the ground. It's there to make you a new being. Human
transformation is an endless series of conflicts. It's as though the
entire natural world which exists on predation is replicated inside
every human being. Instead of larger creatures in nature looking to
consume us, the beings and entities on the other side who require the
energy that human beings produce to survive Prey Upon Us.

In every phase of life we cultivate energy. How we spend our energy
determines the outcome of our life. It's always best to find something
to make offerings to. It's the only way to expand your consciousness.
You have to enter into a spiritual economy. When you offer your best
energy to the Creator you're investing in the Creator. Your best energy
is offered up in deep gratitude and complete submission. The Dividends
are astounding. Everything is an economy. This is the greatest secret
you are not told. It hinted at. It's encrypted within complex compound
metaphors and allegories. It's partially decrypted with astrology,
astrotheology, gematria, numerology, and countless other forms of
divination both modern and primitive. But in the end it just is what it
is. When you stop trying to hack it all the time and extort for some
personal benefit to your lower chakras then you enter the larger
economy, then you become a shareholder in the creation and the way that
corporation is run every shareholder no matter how small is invited to
the shareholder meetings. The meetings are better than the dividend.

There's spiritual energy in human blood. It exists to a lesser degree in
some of the animals around us. It has to do with this environment and
the richness of it. The adrenochrome is a secondary economy for the
human familiars, the biological dividend that their otherworldly
compatriots introduced to them. It's all just an economy. Feeding these
Spirits this energy allows them to do very bad stuff without being
consumed by them on the other side. So it's essentially a proxy killing.
They take the negative energy that we put into the animal and consume
it.

You don't need to be Christian, Jewish, or Muslim to believe this. Most
of the faithful have no idea what their religious leaders are really
doing. Every religion and spiritual path on the planet has a certain
purpose. This is a highly complicated and multi-layered reality we live
within. Christianity is an offshoot of the Abrahamic root of Judaica.

The Jewish faith has never been about heaven or an afterlife, not that
they deny those things exist, rather the goal of the religion has been
to bring God into the world. Islam is the final expression of the
Abrahamic lineage, the last prophet. There are twenty-eight major
prophets. By prophetic lineage, the Jews control the vast majority of
the teachings, twenty-six of the prophets, yet their population is
somewhere around twenty million. Another three billion people share two
prophets — with a symbolic tip of the hat to the others — one and a half
billion for Christianity and one and a half billion for Islam. Mohamed
and Jesus has the numbers in followers but only a small percentage of
the teachings. It's very strange the way the Abrahamic lineage has
evolved, almost as though god is correcting himself. I'll get into this
more deeply in a subsequent chapter that deals with my time with Billy
Meier and the Pleiadian extraterrestrials.

Satanism is a philosophy and a way of life. It's so embedded in our
cultures and institutions now that it is indistinguishable from them.
For quite some time there has been, for lack of a better word, *magic*
used on the human race which obfuscates this truth. Magic is a highly
complicated thing, but as real as rain. Magic is about deception for the
non-practitioner. It's about setting ideas and philosophies inside your
mind which become so entrenched that, despite their counter-intuitive
and counter-spiritual nature, you accept them. This is the true practice
of magic. In many ways, we can see Madison Avenue and the advent of
advertising as a form of mental abuse, a second cousin to the darker
magic that rules us out of governmental and institutional level, or
free-market magic as supposed to institutional magic, if you will.

Extraterrestrials are a part of this narrative. We have indeed been
heavily influenced by races other than human. The one among them that
gets the most attention is the reptilian race.

The reptilians are mentioned in the Bible. They are originally part of
the angelic hierarchy. [^9]

> Who layeth the beams of his chambers in the waters: who maketh the
> clouds his chariot: who walketh upon the wings of the wind: Who maketh
> his angels spirits; his ministers a flaming fire: Who laid the
> foundations of the earth, that it should not be removed for ever.

This passage in Psalms references the Seraphim, a dragon or serpent-like
being from the Sirius star system. The fallen angels are therefore in
some measure Seraphim, which is reptilian. For a deeper understanding of
the semiotics and alien codes in our ancient scriptures, take a look at
the work of Pierre Sabak, either *Holographic Culture* or *The Murder of
Reality*, both excellent reads that give a good picture of the alien
influence and presence on our planet. It's staggering. You're going to
have to do a little bit of work to unlock the puzzle box. If I went down
every rabbit hole I pointed out, my story would be a thousand pages.

Many of the aspects of Satanism are replicated in commiseration with the
reptilian species. The reptilian species has always been on this planet.
I know this is a difficult concept for people to understand, but they
are technically not extraterrestrial. They are an indigenous earth race.
There was a time in our past where human beings and reptilians walked
the earth together, among other extraterrestrial races that genetically
experimented upon the existing mammalian hominid to create what we call
the Adamic race. They could walk right by you on the street and you
would not know that they're extraterrestrial. There are also human
hybrids.

Many of the aspects of modern Satanic ritual do come from the reptilian
culture. The reptilians are a physically strong race that is presently
living underground on the planet, and they are profoundly psychic up to
the fourth dimension, or what we called in classical esoterica, the
astral plane. They can create dreamscapes within a person and abduct
people. In fact, most of the leading researchers in the exopolitics
world believe that the gray abductions are done on behalf of the
reptilians. The reptilians are simultaneously jealous and possessing a
profound superiority complex. If that sounds like a contradiction it's
because it is. But if you examine most spiritual failings in an
individual you'll often find this contradiction at the core, this
unresolved enmity.

Human beings can go to many places. We are a truly transdimensional
species capable of consciousness far beyond the astral plane. This is
the basis of the reptilian fascination with us. At the same time, they
see themselves superior from a survival position because creation has
made them almost indestructible and possessing a life that is much
longer than human life. Their forms of worship are very similar to what
human beings called Satanism. They are also, at least as we understand
the reptilian class of being on planet earth that we know about through
biology, cold-blooded.

However, the reptilians are not the total of what we call Satanism.
Reptilians are capable of possessing human beings from the astral plane.
So we can assume that part of what we call possession is reptilian. This
does not limit the negative cosmology in the things that can possess a
human being. Dead human beings can possess a living human being. Older
entities not related to any form that we would call an extraterrestrial
can possess a human being, and I believe that the old principalities
exist as part of the original cosmology, Satan, and the three princes of
hell, Belial, Mammon, and Moloch.

Mammon is habitually associated with greed and money. However, if you
look at the demonic construct of Mammon, the key takeaway is possession
of things, but money and wealth are just an aspect of it. The real goal
of Mammon is to control the consciousness of the human being so that the
energies of man are in service to him. Belial is the seducer and
distractor. Of all the demons in the cosmology, Belial is the one that
comes to us more through our senses and our sensuality, ultimately
inverting these things so that the beautiful and the divine becomes the
ugly and the demonic. Moloch can be looked upon as the enforcer. In many
ways he is the most terrifying of the demons because he takes what is
most precious from us, our children. These entities go by many names —
Baal and Baphomet to name two.

The root of Satanism and demonology is absolute contempt for the human
race. Some people who read this text will try to rationalize what is
being said here, suggest perhaps that really what we're dealing with are
runaway biological addictions, like adrenochrome, sex, and power, all
components of human weakness, but it's like I'm telling you. Don't
abstract it, even though I can understand why you want to do that. The
true purpose of the demonic realm and the Satanic theology is the
subjugation and destruction of the human race, and this philosophy is so
thoroughly practiced that once it's pointed out you'll be amazed you
never saw it before. It is my goal to prove these things out as
irrefutable to you. I am in no way celebrating any one religion as
superior to any other religion. The Satanic problem on this planet
affects every human being regardless of religion. It's an inherited
problem, part of the original creation of this plane of existence that
we live within. Once all of this is properly understood, there's really
nothing to fear. The problem with the world as we have progressed
through the industrial and technological revolutions, is that we let our
spiritual defenses down, and we let the fox into the hen house.

The entire Abrahamic Cannon is a story of extraterrestrials and the
creation of the human race in this third-dimensional reality, a cosmic
history that's produced worshipers and supplicants all through the last
six thousand years. It is, for the most part, a *fourth-dimensional*
story. The way we have habitually integrated with our inner lives is to
characterize these other realities as being *above* us. What *above*
means in the dimensional fence is finer, subtler, and, unless inner
apprehension is developed through spiritual practice, invisible to us
while we are physically alive.

The wall between our world and the next world appears to be thinning.
Some would have us believe that this is a natural astrological
occurrence. I think it's been manipulated. If you look at the twentieth
century and all of the science that the human race developed, and you
look at the characters within the sciences, many of them are Satanists,
and many of them are operating with the intent of breaching a barrier to
our reality. This is certainly true of the *magicians* who have appeared
in the last hundred and thirty years, not least of which were Aleister
Crowley and Jack Parsons of Jet Propulsion Laboratories (JPL). There has
also been a concerted effort to weaken the human being as a biological
instrument. The chemical trails being sprayed in the sky barium and
aluminum on the periodic table, Baal when combined, the *medicines*
being injected into us, the massive denigration of the nutritional
content of our modern diet, and a host of other things which weaken the
human aura, the barrier that protects us from things getting into our
consciousness. The same is true for the earth with the non-stop atomic
testing, radiation, and other means of breaching the ozone layer and
fracturing our atmospheric protection from what lives in space, and yes,
there are many things which live in space. It's a curious thing about
human beings that we always imagine things that are alive and sentient
as being like us. It doesn't occur to most people that space is a kind
of ocean of life invisible to our eyes, and that a planet like earth is
like an island within that ocean, and the last thing we want is the
things in the ocean crawling up onto our shores, but that's what the
weakening of our atmosphere does. It's a one-to-one correlate for the
aura around each human body. The Satanists want to give the keys to our
realm to their dark allies that we may be breached and overrun by the
darkest of forces in the universe.

The world is run by a Satanic superclass that is both supernatural and
highly scientific. Their culture revolves around rituals and those
rituals revolve around the summoning of demons and the sacrificing of
children. This is the snapshot of our reality in the first quarter of
the twenty-first century. Next comes the proof. Most of the story has
been told at a sociopolitical and economic level already. *Tragedy &
Hope: A History of the World in Our Time* by Carroll Quigley is an
excellent overview, but Quigley never explained why the world is run the
way it is. That's where I come in. I've seen it all. Change the words
demon, Satan, Lucifer, and anything religious I've said in this chapter
to extraterrestrial. This whole thing is commerce, nothing more and
nothing less. The blood and energy released in the sacrifices is sought
by extraterrestrials. I shouldn't limit the cosmology I'm defining.
There are spiritual elements to it as well, where spiritual means human
beings in non-physical forms — dead — and other ghoulish things not
extraterrestrial, but the extraterrestrials sit atop it all, even
administering things like haunting, possession, and influencing the
minds of most human beings alive today. It's a shit show, and I'm sorry
to be the one to tell you these unfortunate things, but there's no more
time to dance around the topic. The stakes are too high, and we still
have a chance of winning this conflict, those of us willing to face it
and deal with it, but it's not going to be easy. Why not fight for
something meaningful?

Worshipful Fuellers
===================

This book is about institutional darkness, institutional Satanism. As
stated in the previous chapter, darkness and the left hand path have
always existed on this planet. It's part of the free will construct. My
faculties and perception define London, England as the inception of
institutional Satanism in this cycle of human history, which we will
define as the last two thousand years.

An important thing to understand about British Society is the place of
the livery companies. Livery normally means uniform or official garb of
a trade or class. So we could say that the priestcraft has a livery. In
the British trade system, liveries were groups of social connection and
support for people in various trades, an early variation of trade
unions. They collected dues and maintained capital to support each other
in times of duress and to invest in their industries. They often have an
insignia or coat of arms. These early livery companies were similar to
fraternities, guilds, or mysteries that flourished throughout Europe for
many centuries. The term *mystery* is still in use today, derived from
the Latin *misterium*, meaning *professional skill*.

The early companies were established as guilds and their roles included
regulation of the trades, quality control, labor conditions, and looking
after the welfare of their members. The liveries are a combination of
commercial self-interest and benevolence societies with close connection
to the church, hence the *Worshipful* in the titles.

Today, most of the liveries still encompass these early concepts,
fostering trade, serving the community, and embracing modern skills and
professions. Over time, some companies have failed to survive, some have
spawned new companies and some have combined to ensure their
continuance.

Looking at the livery companies today, many of them are industry
specific, although some have *shifted* their trade support in moving
with the times. The fan makers, for example, now support the mechanical
fan trade, including the use of the fan in heating, ventilation, and
aircraft propulsion. Some of the liveries are very active in their
specific trades: the gun makers are still responsible for testing gun
barrels, the goldsmiths test precious metals for purity and operate the
London Assay Office, others are only open to those connected with the
trade — shipwrights — and some are only open to those qualified in the
trade or profession — chartered surveyors. Some of the smaller companies
consist mainly of the original families. Generations of tradesmen going
back centuries. All of the liveries continue to support education. Many
support individual schools and provide bursaries, scholarships, awards,
and prizes.

The Worshipful Company of Fuellers, often simply referred to as *The
Fuellers*, represents all aspects of the energy industry. The Fuellers’
origin is the wood mongers of the fourteenth century. Modern Fuellers
encompass coal, oil, nuclear, gas, electricity, and renewable energy.
Membership spans production, supply, distribution, marketing, research,
finance, education, and major consumers.

It would be hard to imagine a more powerful livery company than The
Worshipful Company of Fuellers. Most countries would vest their energy
needs in the public sector. In fact, that's what Britain did up until
1992. The Department of Energy was formed in 1974 under the Conservative
government of Edward Heath. Heath was an abominable man. He was a friend
of Jimmy Savile, a fellow recreational child sodomite, child torturer,
and child murderer, quite literally a ghoul of a man, a demon in flesh.
Heath would have been very well known in London's true Satanic core.
Heath was known to MI5 and MI6. They aided and abetted him.

It's curious to note that public energy policy is abandoned in 1992 with
the disbandment of The Department of Energy. Three years earlier Reagan
and Thatcher broke the back of communism, or so it appeared. It seems to
be pretty popular with millennials, the most digitally mind-controlled
generation in the history of humanity, literally born attached to black
screens. It was like there was a second capitalism waiting, one with
uninhibited predation. No more Mr. Nice Guy. Labor got kicked to the
curb with free trade deals. The climate of necessity took over. If we
don't expand our market we'll be unable to compete with the trading
block Japan is creating. It's all phony emergency. The end of the Cold
War commenced the purposeful dismantling of the Western middle class.
Death by carnivorous transnational corporations. Nobody was thinking
long term. If the consumer base in wealthy and functioning Western
economies doesn't exist then who buys the stuff? How do you maintain
price integrity with an ever diminishing consumer demographic? You
don't. That's the simple answer. Believing *they* didn't know this is
willful ignorance, dangerous naivety. The Worshipful Fuellers motto is,
*In Carbone Robur Nostrum*, [^10]

Latin for *Our Strength is in Carbon*. The molecular structure of carbon
is six neutrons, six electrons, and six protons. Human beings are
fundamentally carbon. Most organic life is built off the carbon element.
The number for carbon on the periodic table is six. The Worshipful
Fuellers received Royal Charter from King James I in 1605. The
Worshipful Fuellers had the distinct position of being tax collectors
because the King of England levied dues and taxes on coal. Right from
the beginning they were quasi-public and quasi-private. A private livery
collecting the most prized tax in England. This placed The Worshipful
Fuellers in a knighted position, and it is the first example of the City
of London exercising its powers of taxation all across the Port of
London, a circumference much larger than the City of London. It could be
said The Worshipful Fuellers were the first internal revenue service in
Britain. It was coal with its established tax base that was once again
tapped with further excise taxes to rebuild London in 1666. It's the
very definition of irony, the tax from coal — incendiary material used
in the home — paying for the damages done by a fire that burned the vast
majority of London's homes.

You have to understand seventeenth century Britain to understand the
beginnings of institutional Satanism. The Protestant movement had begun
with Luther in Germany and found a home in England. The Bible was the
most important document for a monarchy. It was the foundation of all
law. The king could add law, but the foundation was the Bible. It gave
every man and woman their god-given rights. You really have to
understand how huge a thing the Protestant and Catholic conflict was. It
upset centuries of status quo in Europe in which the Vatican was the
king of kings and gave royal families their status by affirming they
were of a bloodline of god. With the advent of Protestantism, monarchies
had to have their own Bible. No book no authority. It was that simple.
The King James Bible set the stage for the English-speaking world to
become the power house it would become. The translation was done at the
behest of King James and the church of England. It was a dramatic shift
back to the Old Testament. The reincarnation of Yahweh within a
breakaway Christian sect — a Talmud for Gentiles. It was commissioned in
1603 and completed and published in 1611. As England embraced
Protestantism, those who held onto Catholicism were marginalized.

In 1656 Jews were permitted to openly practice their religion in London,
ending centuries of banishment that had come about from King Edward who
had issued an edict expelling all Jews from England in 1290. The reasons
were usury and blood ritual homicide of Christian boys killed around
Jewish Passover. But the New England that was moving away from the
Vatican needed all the friends it could find, and the enemy of your
enemy is your friend. Nobody had been more maltreated by the Vatican
than the Jews. They had also become prominent in European trade through
a significant population in Amsterdam. The English commercial class
wanted to capitalize on the trading partnerships of the Jews and expand
their own commercial interests. This was accompanied by Jews being
allowed into brokerage and various other forms of institutional and
fraternal life in England. Concessions were made as it pertained to Jews
taking the oaths because they were not Christian. Nonetheless, in this
time of religious feuding between Protestants and Catholics, the Jews
found their place in English commerce and the livery companies.

The Jewish world was rocked in the seventeenth century, too. Sabbatai
Zevi was declared the *Messiah* in 1666. This was taken to heart by the
diaspora Jews. It was a kind of heretical and antithetical Judaica, an
apostasy with extreme prejudice. Followers advocated doing the exact
opposite of what the scripture said. It was a time of tremendous
religious upheaval in a Europe where the Vatican no longer ruled.

In 1665 London was hit by the Great Plague. The plague had been all
around the globe for several centuries by this time. It started in China
in 1331. There were a couple forms of plague. One was believed to have
been carried by the fleas that were on rats and the other was a
pneumonic plague. It's estimated that one hundred thousand people died
of the plague in eighteen months in England. This represented about
one-quarter of London's population. In the winter of 1664 a very bright
comet was seen in the sky. It's part of all the records. London was
something of a catastrophe in the poor sections at this time. There were
open sewers with human waste in the middle of the street. It was
impossible to get any kind of collective hygiene going in the poor
areas. The stench of the poorer areas was overwhelming. Most people
walked around with handkerchiefs over their mouths. Most of the city's
necessities were brought in by cart. Coal was brought in by river barge.

It's interesting at this point to take a look at the work of William
Bramley, who wrote the book, *The Gods of Eden*, which is an examination
of an extraterrestrial presence in the history of human affairs. Here's
what he has to say about the plague.

> Late into dark December nights of the year 1664 London citizens sat up
> to watch a new blazing star, with *mighty talk* thereupon. King
> Charles II and his Queen gazed out of the windows at Whitehall. About
> east it rose, reaching no great altitude, and sank below the
> south-west horizon between two and three o'clock. In a week or two it
> was gone, then letters came from Vienna notifying the like sight of a
> brilliant comet, and *in the ayr the appearance of a Coffin, which
> causes great anxiety of thought amongst the people.* Erfurt saw with
> it other terrible apparitions, and listeners detected noises in the
> air, as of fires, and sounds of cannon and musket-shot. The report ran
> that one night in the February following hundreds of persons had seen
> flames of fire for an hour together, which seemed to be thrown from
> Whitehall to St. James and then back again to Whitehall, whereafter
> they disappeared. In March there came into the heavens a yet brighter
> comet visible two hours after midnight, and so continuing till
> daylight. With such ominous portents the Great Plague in London was
> ushered in. [^11]

In his excellent work, Bramley postulates a custodial race over the
human race, invisible influences behind major world events. He calls
them the custodians. I agree with Bramley. The human race has handlers.
I call them the controllers or the chaos makers. I've seen them with my
own eyes. We'll get into that in future chapters.

If the plague wasn't enough, the following year London was hit with the
great fire. It began in a bakery on Pudding Street and spread through
most of the city, most of which inside the old Roman city wall was
gutted. Over thirteen thousand houses were destroyed, eighty-seven
churches, including Saint Paul's Cathedral. The registered death count
is quite low at a meager six, but it has to be pointed out that the city
failed to count the bodies of the poor and many of the people were
burned and cremated right in the fire.

London was completely destroyed in those two years. What the plague
didn't kill the fire did, and the fire killed the plague, too. There was
a lot of hatred and suspicion. Some people blamed the Jews, but the
majority of the population turned on the Catholics. England was
beginning to assert itself as a religiously independent nation separate
from the Vatican. There were a lot of English who were still Catholic
and loyal to the Vatican.

The following year, 1667, saw the publication of John Milton's *Paradise
Lost*, perhaps the most epic religious poem from the Christian
perspective ever written. Milton was a Catholic. His first draft of the
poem was dragged into a fire by his dog. He then went blind. Without his
eyesight, he reproduced the entire book-length poem by dictating it to
his daughters. The creation of the book is almost as much of a miracle
as the book itself.

In the poem we are warned against the enemies of God, the fallen angels
who followed Lucifer into rebellion. Chief among them are Moloch.
Children are ritually burned for his favor — passing through the fire as
it's called. Belial is the worthless and wicked one. He counsels
immorality and wicked and shameless acts. Mammon is greed and
materialism personified. Milton is God's marker in the timeline. This is
the beginning of institutional Satanism. Milton warned us.

What story about seventeenth century England would be complete without
mentioning the guild of all guilds that is the centerpiece of every
ham-fisted conspiracy theory stammered out on WordPress or YouTube — the
Freemasons. The Freemasons have their origin in the livery companies.
They still exist as The Worshipful Company of Masons, but here we are
strictly speaking about actual masons, brick, marble, and other stone
work. The Freemasons emerged out of the livery company as a purely
spiritual guild. They begin as the speculative masons, meaning masons
who don't work with stone, and start to form lodges. It's interesting
that this coincides with the return of the Jews under Cromwell. Both
groups share a fascination with spiritual traditions from before Christ,
especially the Egyptians, who the masons regard as master builders and
wizards. The Jews of course had been scrupulously documenting the
spiritual and magical secrets of every group they cohabited with,
including the Egyptians, Babylonians, and Sumerians, with many of the
books of the Torah being simple retellings of Mesopotamian parables and
spiritual lore. It is here the sons of Adam find Moloch, the child
eating demon who consumes by fire.

There is a very distinct Jewish connection to Freemasonry as well in
that the Freemasons regard Solomon as the Grand Mason. Freemasonry is
Judaism for gentiles. Every right, oath, and password has its ritual
ancestry in the Hebrew religion. King Solomon's construction of the
first temple is the spiritual ideal of the Mason ensconced within the
fundamental metaphor of building. King Solomon is known to have been
given a signet ring, the Star of David, to control demons. It is said in
the Jewish lore that Solomon used demons to construct the first temple.
The Freemasons are enamored by a Jewish King who controlled demons and
built the temple for blood offering and burnt offering to his god.
Nothing creepy about that at all. So we have the Jews formally let back
into England in 1656 and a decade later speculative Freemasonry emerges
in London.

It needs to be understood how the Jews arrived back in England. They
underwrote the efforts of Cromwell to unseat King James and his line.
Merchant Jews of Amsterdam had amassed a tremendous wealth and influence
in Europe. Remember, corruption must be offered and received for the
contract to be complete. It's a two-way street. The Jews had despised
the Romans and all of their outposts from the destruction of the second
temple onward. We are, after all, dealing with a people who by oath to
their God must settle all debts, and sin — defiance of God's law as
defined by the Jews, as there can be no god but theirs — is the greatest
debt of all. Christianity, even with its Byzantium makeover, was still
the empire that unseated the temple and massacred many Jewish families.

Usury was institutionalized by European Jews to gain control over
monarchies. The Jews have been at war since the second temple was
destroyed. How hard is that to understand? They were a complete people.
They had land, water, culture, language, literacy, law, mysticism, and
religion. They were a fully formed human culture. How many cultures of
the time could say that? Certainly the Greeks. Rome was the great
amalgamation. It brought everything into one place. The Caesars were as
enamored by the Jewish rabbis as they were by the Greek mathematicians
and the Celtic Druids. Rome was multicultural. It was one of those times
in history when so many things came together that it forced a new
perspective. This multiculturalism would be repeated in Byzantium and
later in Barcelona. It's kind of weird how we're always wanting to hate
each other and always wanting to know each other at the same time as
human beings.

It cannot be denied that Rome usurped the history of the Jewish prophets
by grafting itself onto the story of Christ in the formation of the
Vatican. It was geopolitical. Not spiritual. Imagine the determination
in keeping that ghosted culture alive for centuries. The rabbis and the
synagogues did all that. They taught Hebrew even while Jews had to learn
another language in whatever country they were living after yet another
diaspora. They were taught literacy in at minimum two languages and
basic arithmetic at a time when most of the world's population was
illiterate farmers. The Romans built an empire on the backs of their
prophets. It's the single greatest act of cultural appropriation ever.
It's pure Machiavellian genius when you think about it. The Vatican
policed Europe with Jewish law and collected all the taxes and
indulgences associated with that wonderful economy. Nobody really saw a
big problem picking a fight with a god who takes blood sacrifices and
burnt offerings. It's kind of amazing the stupidity of it all.

The Amsterdam Jews got their bank in England by becoming Cromwell's
creditors. For his part, Cromwell consented to the trial and execution
of King Charles I. There was prolonged insurgency that contested the
throne between the House of Stuart and the Dutch drop-in, William the
Orange, the Amsterdam Jews' man in London, part of the interest on
Cromwell's debt. The Stuart line regained the throne after The Bank of
England was formed. It is the first real central bank, and serves as the
model for all other central banks in the world. I know, you thought the
Americans were running things. No, that's a distraction. It's all City
of London. It always has been.

Curiously, The Worshipful Fuellers went away when banking came into
Britain. The banks handled the carbon tax. They surfaced again in the
early eighties. Same name and logo — *In Carbone Robur Nostrum*, Latin
for *Our Strength is in Carbon*. By the time they received their new
Royal Charter in 2012, banks were failing and the carbon tax was coming
back.

Mammon
======

The importance of The Worshipful Company of Fuellers is that it marks
the time in our history when we institutionalized usury. It also marks
the beginning of institutional Satanism. It's important to understand
that this had been a major issue in Europe. Usury had been outlawed by
the Vatican. It was hypocritical. They borrowed money themselves. They
had banks in Italy preceding the Bank of England, but the Bank of
England took it to a new level. Our timeline reveals the consequences of
that decision. The British became a powerful force in the world when
they adopted the Babylonian money magic. Money is the ultimate magic.
When you think about magic from a human perspective it's nothing more
then manifestation. Money allows us to manifest a desire instantly.
Money has become the main thing that every human being thinks about.
It's very important that magic be understood. It runs the world. It
doesn't matter that you don't believe in it. It doesn't require your
belief. It operates on its own principles. It's scientific. Science is a
form of magic. Ritual is the ancestor of formula.

From the starting point of the Bank of England we can map the modern
world to its present state. The bank notes expanded the wealth through
the fractional reserve model of operation. The trick behind this magic
is simple; if you have one thousand dollars of gold in reserve, you may
create in paper the amount allowed by the reserve fraction. By way of
illustration, if the reserve rate is one to four, which means that for
every thousand dollars in reserve, where the reserve is defined by a
universally acceptable value of wealth like gold, the wealth issuance
can total four thousand. So you have one thousand in gold and three
thousand in paper loaned by the four to one ratio. How can they do this,
you might ask. By studying human beings, they realized that only a
percentage of the people with gold in reserve would ask for it at any
given time. Once the paper was in circulation and accepted as a form of
exchange, there was no reason to go back to gold. It was much easier to
walk around with coin or paper notes in your purse than it was to lug
around a weight of gold. The paper manifested very quickly, and human
behavior changed very quickly around the paper. The social structure
changed. Women did not have to wait for a suitor to marry them to gain
independence from their parents. They could sell their bodies for the
paper. Prostitution has flourished in a few kinds of societies. One is a
society in which slave workers are kept and slave prostitutes are kept
as a reward, but the most common one is the one with money. The moment
wealth was liberated from land and water by definition, which is the
baseline and correct definition of wealth, all manner of spontaneous
manifestation emerges. The connection between money and sex is profound.
The more prolific money is in your society, the more degraded the family
unit will be, the more promiscuous the people will be, the more depraved
the men, and the more opportunistic the women. It's almost as though
something unnatural is thrown into a natural construction. When I talk
about these things people say to me, yes, but Robert, peasants lived
horrible lives. Did they? They worked three or four months a year on
their land, either owned or leased from the king. They had music,
culture, family, and an inner life, a quiet space within themselves. We
have none of those things now. We have smart phones, smart televisions,
computers, processed foods produced by diabolical agricultural
*corporations*, and titled persons living professional lives in
mega-cities with so much loneliness, despair, and depression that the
vast majority of people require pharmacology just to cope. The family
has been destroyed. Pornography, prostitution, and human trafficking are
multi-billion if not trillion dollar industries, but we're happier,
we're better off than the European peasant? I don't think so. What's
more alarming is once the baseline of comparison is gone, the people who
lived and worked on land, we won't even have their consciousness in our
collective anymore; we won't even have people to tell us how far we've
gone off track. You don't want to lose your direction in the dark.
You'll never get it back.

The modern society begun in England by the Bank of England commenced as
a result of religious warfare. The Jews had been exiled from over one
hundred European nations for usury and suspicion of child ritual
sacrifice, which they deny. The usury they do not deny. In many
instances the monarchy of the nation that permitted Jews to live within
its borders actually used the money lending services of the Jews
themselves. This included the Vatican itself. This is an extremely
important point to understand. The bank notes allowed the British
Monarchy to develop their navy and to begin exploring the world.
Exploring is a bit of a misnomer. They pillaged. Like all military
empires, the British saw themselves as a light in the world. They were
bringing light to these poor and miserable nations that had not seen the
light of Britain.

The tendency to conquest has always existed in human affairs. You only
need to look at history. The one exception to the conquest rule might be
China. The Chinese have been a largely introspective nation until
recently. All that has changed with the Belt and Road Initiative. The
Chinese were brought into the modern world. Before that they were
referred to as the hermit nation. They considered the world barbaric and
primitive and wanted nothing to do with it.

The real origin of the money system is Babylon. A fiat currency was used
in Babylon. A fiat currency is a currency that is unsupported by any
underlying wealth. It's a kind of confidence game. The line of wealth
from literal to metaphorical is land, minerals, then bank notes, or
credit notes. In the early nineteen-seventies Richard Nixon took the
United States off of the gold standard. Up until that time all banks
were operating with mineral reserves to back up their currencies. This
meant that if any foreign creditor wanted to exchange their US dollars
for gold the option was available to them. Gold was an accepted
universal standard of wealth in most of the world.

Throughout the Cold War the capital system remained equitable for the
creation of a middle-class. The North American middle class and the
Western European middle class existed from the end of World War II until
coming up to the end of the millennium. There's still a middle-class,
it's just that it's percentage of the overall population is quite small
now. It has been relegated to a small group of successful entrepreneurs
and titled professionals, lawyers, chartered accountants, chartered
financial analysts, dentists, veterinarians, just about anywhere you
need a license to work in government supervision and regulation — a kind
of defacto extension of the public service — you'll find the remainder
of the middle class. It's very important to note that this successful
middle class is largely created and sustained by the government and its
regulations. It's an artificial economy, or, if artificial is too
caustic for you, a support economy, especially the titles related to law
and money. If we didn't exist they wouldn't exist. There is no law if
there are not two or more parties seeking conflict resolution. Chartered
accountants aren't needed unless there are corporations needing book
keeping. Nowhere do we see anything natural here. It's all
incorporations. The corpus is the body.[^12]

> corpus noun\
> a collection of written or spoken texts\
> a corpus of 100 million words of spoken English\
> the whole corpus of Renaissance poetry\
> SEE ALSO habeas corpus\

> Word Origin\
> late Middle English (denoting a human or animal body): from Latin,
> literally ‘body’. The current sense dates from the early 18th cent.

The average North American city provides an excellent example of the
middle class. In the early 1970s, right around the time Nixon took
America and subsequently the world off the gold standard, the average
annual income in the United States was about eight to ten thousand
dollars and the average home price was about eight to sixteen thousand
dollars. We're talking about a normal home in which a family could be
raised. If you flash forward to 2020, fifty years after Nixon took us
off the gold standard, the average price of a home in Toronto is a
million dollars and the average annual income is fifty thousand dollars.
The annual labor before taxation required to buy a home went from a
one-to-one ratio in the early seventies to a one-to-twenty ratio in the
early part of the twenty-first century. It's also coincidental to know
that the fractional reserve the banks in Canada are operating under is
twenty to one. It's reached the point in Toronto that the young
generation have given up on ever owning a home. Unless you come from a
family that gives you the down payment, then the idea that you're ever
going to own a home is a dead dream. How could North America come to
this? It was founded and built on the realization that class and
nobility had robbed human beings of property in Europe. It arrived where
it is because we didn't break away from the birth culture. We imported
the birth culture when we brought in their central banks. This has been
the case with many countries.

Where did our present culture come from? It came from England. Not only
the banks but the entire philosophy of materialism and building. Oxford
is the world's oldest English language university, starting around the
eleventh century. It's impacted the whole world because of the dominance
of the English language, which has become the defacto international
language, in no small part due to the English naval advantage in the
seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, and our unashamed certitude of
cultural superiority. In many ways it was the second Roman Empire, and
America may be looked upon as the final extension of this, with
contemporary America showing all the signs of a decaying Roman capital.
This of course is only the political characterization. Spiritually, both
Britain and America are extensions of Egypt, and the ancient cultures
Egypt absorbed which preceded her reign upon time's stage.

In many ways Oxford may be looked upon as the cradle of modern
civilization. So much of the world's systems originated in Britain, and
because of Oxford's place in the creation of those systems and the
education of those who maintain the systems globally now, we can clearly
see Oxford's place in the molding of the modern world. Remember, since
Rome reinvented itself as a theological empire instead of a military
one, the name of the game has been ideological empire. It doesn't matter
whether it's religious or ideological anymore, but it enters through
your thoughts. It's a mental colonization.

Let's use Gandhi as an example, the pseudo-observant, pseudo-classless
lackey of London City, who, if you can't see it now, a century later,
was a servant of the British. Gandhi was a master of publicity and
public relations long before Edward Bernays wrote his treatise on the
subject or Madison Avenue started it's marketing and advertising virus
of the mind. He used to make a big show of riding in the poor car on the
Indian rail system. The poor car was the cheapest ticket and people were
crammed in there like animals and very often there were animals in the
poor car like goats and chickens. It was advertised far and wide that
Gandhi refused the luxury of first class, but what was withheld from the
public was that when he rode in the poor car he demanded that he have
the entire car to himself, thus depriving the poor of their means of
transportation when he had to go from point A to point B. He was a
graduate of the *Inner Temple*, described as follows.

> The Honourable Society of the Inner Temple, commonly known as the
> Inner Temple, is one of the four Inns of Court (professional
> associations for barristers and judges) in London. To be called to the
> Bar and practise as a barrister in England and Wales, a person must
> belong to one of these Inns. It is located in the wider Temple area of
> the capital, near the Royal Courts of Justice, and within the City of
> London.

Mahatma Gandhi's tenure at the Inner Temple in London does not directly
connect him to Oxford, but he is most certainly connected to the
education system of Britain which served as the ideological seed for the
present global system. India has, however, been profoundly affected by
Oxford University. Let's look first at Indira Gandhi. She was the first
and only female Prime Minister of India. She was killed by her Sikh
bodyguards for ordering a military incursion into the Golden Temple, the
holiest of sites for the Sikh religion. Indira Gandhi was the daughter
of Jawaharlal Nehru, the first Prime Minister of India. She occupied the
office from January 1966 to March 1977 and again from January 1980.

> As Prime Minister, Gandhi was known for her political intransigency
> and unprecedented centralisation of power.[^13]

The key thing to note in the excellent biographic missive by our friends
at Wikipedia is the following: *unprecedented centralisation of power*.
This was for suppression of the organic culture, spiritual culture, in
this case the Sikhs, who defied the British derived directive of
centralized power through their infected host Gandhi.

It is an unfortunate characteristic of the post-modern age in which we
live that the concept of infection by virus is limited to the body. Man
in fact has five bodies, or five centers of interpretation: the
physical, the emotional, the mnemonic, the mental, and the soul, which
is the pure perception that sits behind all of these bodies.

It is my contention that all four of our foundational bodies are
infected, and the Typhoid Mary that poisoned the world world was Britain
and its surrogate America. Our emotional bodies have been infected with
sentiment. Our memories have been infected with lies and false history.
Our minds are infected with ideologies. Only the soul stands above
infection, however, it has to navigate a layered perception through the
four other bodies, or faculties of man working in unison to reveal truth
to the soul.

The antagonist to perception is deception, and deception can only be
practiced by another sentient being. Nature cannot deceive us. The
constellations of our night skies cannot deceive us. Oxford is the first
and most powerful distribution point for the infection. It's like the
tents from which the colonists passed out smallpox infected blankets to
North American indigenous peoples in an effort to usurp their land.
While Gandhi did get the English out of India as a physically occupying
force, he completely reinforced their ideologies and left all of their
institutions in place. He stayed loyal to the *Inner Temple*.

The capital system maintained the pretense of equity throughout the Cold
War. They really had to. If they had shown their true face at that time
communism probably would run the world right now. Please do not confuse
what I'm saying here with an endorsement of communism and a denigration
of capitalism. That's not what I'm saying. I'm talking about the way the
systems are applied. I'm not talking about their theoretical constructs.
It was always the intent of the money masters to treat people as cruelly
as the communist system did. They just had to lay in wait until the
communist system was defeated. They had to make capitalism look as an
ideal choice when compared to the misery and deprivation of the
communist system. For those of you who didn't grow up in that time, it
was not uncommon to see pictures of people lined up for toilet paper in
the Soviet Union. Our media was constantly pointing out micro famines
and supply deficits in the communist system, with the principle that
free market enterprise was much better at meeting the needs of people
over the government micro-managing every industry the way the Soviet
system did. They were absolutely correct. Human beings are always better
off when they're left to sort things out for themselves. So what
changed?

In 1989 the Berlin Wall came down and the Soviet Union collapsed under
the gentle guidance of Mikhail Gorbachev's Glasnost and Perestroika
programs. The moment that wall came down, the grinning Satanist, George
Bush Senior, stood before the cameras and told us that the new threat
was terrorism and that America and its allies had to remain vigilant,
and he took the moment to point out that with the collapse of the Soviet
Union a new world order was coming about.

The removing of the gold standard by Nixon was to liquidate the markets
with capital to inflate the lifestyle of the western world. It's
impossible to believe that the architects of this new monetary system in
which the dollar floated on nothing but faith could see a future for it
that would survive in the complex global trading system we find
ourselves in in 2020. At the exact same time the Berlin Wall came down
free trade commenced. The early pioneers of free trade were the Japanese
who wanted to create an Asian trading zone. America responded by
creating a free trade deal first with Canada and then extending it into
Mexico as the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), now the
United States Mexico Canada Agreement (USMC). What free trade did was
allow the cupidity of corporations to come to its full expression. It's
in 1989 that Mammon is let off his leash, birthed in 1684 with the Bank
of England. We first begin to see the automobile industry completely
deconstructed from its North American base and shipped off to places
like Mexico, where the big car manufacturers could get their labor for
cents on the dollar. The Canadians and Americans were told that their
dividend would be cheaper automobiles, essentially that the savings the
corporations made would be passed on to the consumer. What the gullible
North Americans did not realize was that when the jobs left the consumer
base would be dilapidated. With the consumer base dilapidated nobody
would be able to buy a car.

At the center of the modern global financial system is the International
Monetary Fund (IMF).

Their description is as follows:[^14]

> The International Monetary Fund (IMF) is an organization of 189
> countries, working to foster global monetary cooperation, secure
> financial stability, facilitate international trade, promote high
> employment and sustainable economic growth, and reduce poverty around
> the world.

> Created in 1945, the IMF is governed by and accountable to the 189
> countries that make up its near-global membership.

> The IMF's primary purpose is to ensure the stability of the
> international monetary system — the system of exchange rates and
> international payments that enables countries (and their citizens) to
> transact with each other. The Fund's mandate was updated in 2012 to
> include all macroeconomic and financial sector issues that bear on
> global stability.

Like so many things in the Satanic system, the IMF is nearly the exact
opposite of what is described in their mission statement online. The IMF
has been responsible for the destruction of countries. Its primary goal
is to offer money to developing countries and mid-sized countries to get
everybody into the debt system. Once the country is involved in the debt
system they enter into a spiral from which they can never escape. The
IMF ends up spending more and more time dictating to the debtor country
what it must do. Eventually the country ends up losing control of its
primary natural resources, which get sold off in a nepotistic auction to
balance debt. The first major expose in the public space on the IMF was
done by John Pilger in the 1980s. He ruthlessly examined the effect of
the IMF's incursion into Indonesia when it was run by globalist puppet,
Suharto, a black magician of great repute. The Suharto family ended up
absconding from their own country with tens of billions in personal
accounts while the country was left hobbled and handicapped by the
malfeasance of the Suharto regime with the full complicity of the IMF.

The goal of the monetary system is to take over countries. It has been
since the formation of the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank,
and the Bank of International Settlements. They didn't really get off
and running until the end of the Cold War. Russia to this day remains
very antagonistic to the presence of the International Monetary Fund
within its governance. It is also one of the most pragmatic countries in
the modern capital based system when it comes to allowing debt to accrue
to foreign lenders. So the question becomes what is the end game of the
IMF? Its total ownership of every resource on the planet, air, water,
land, and everything else that allows human beings to exist on this
planet. It's yet another attempt to compromise the autonomy of human
beings as a divine and sovereign being. When we are divine and sovereign
we can use our imaginations to connect with the creator. When we are
internally occupied by falsely generated worries like a financial system
that unduly burdens us with stress then we do not commune property in
our internal space.

When you think about the truth of money, that it is simply a metaphor, a
representation of the real wealth from the planet, which is land, air,
and water, why would you trade the paper for the real wealth? It can
only happen in a world where human beings are so confused and so
Satanically misdirected that they don't understand what the real nature
of the transaction is. It also helps that money can manifest any desire
you have very rapidly. Money becomes the ultimate magical instrument for
manifestation. It's really a portable form of magic. The magic has
already been done and accepted by the general population. If you have a
weakness for flesh, money can fulfill all the fantasies that pollute
your imagination. If you want to do some good and help somebody who may
be in a bad situation then money can buy the best medical care on the
planet. Money is instant manifestation. But if you take the magic you
lose your connection with your autonomy. You lose your connection with
air, the earth, the land, and the water. You lose your soul connection.

In theology we have always viewed Mammon as love of money, but it's much
more than that once you understand what money is. It's manifestation and
energy. You can manifest almost anything you want on the earth if you
have enough money. Those without money place their attention on it. That
attention is an intentional energy that goes to those with money. They
steal your energy, or, in another sense, you give them your energy. But,
like so much in this world, this is only the surface story. The real
story on this planet is the battle for souls. You're the prize. The
money is only a means to capture you. There's nothing wrong with
pursuing money. It's needed to survive, buy food, provide opportunity to
your children, and many other noble intentions. In the end it really
doesn't matter, though. The very nature of money is magical, and magic
is the province of the negative principalities.

Robert Kane
===========

You would be amazed by how many times our lives come down to one of two
things. It's the way this universe has been set up. There's nothing in
creation that cannot be discovered by a human being. We have been given
the ability to go anywhere. The human being is a remarkable
construction. There are a lot of people crapping on humanity now. But we
are an extraordinary species. Don't let anybody tell you differently.
The way human beings have been constructed we are like a skeleton key
for every dimension in the universe. One of the densest realities in all
creation and one of the most violent and caustic planets in all of
creation, these things are true. But what we can achieve in this chaos,
the spiritual opportunity in this cacophony is astounding. Very few
human beings in every generation come to realize what I'm talking about.

Everything in creation is a tell. It's impossible to create something as
a human being and not have it tell us something about the universe. God
tips his hand all the time at the card table. Let's take computers for
example. They are hands-down one of the most significant achievements of
the twentieth century. They are constructed off of silicon. They go from
simple home computers to supercomputers used by intelligence agencies
and the military. The facsimile of reasoning that a computer undertakes
to emulate intelligence is built upon a series of decisions in which the
answer can be one of two things. In computing circles this is known as a
Boolean decision.

The expression, *Boolean*, is taken from the self-taught English
mathematician George Boole.[^15]

> George Boole 2 November 1815 – 8 December 1864) was a largely
> self-taught English mathematician, philosopher and logician, most of
> whose short career was spent as the first professor of mathematics at
> Queen's College, Cork in Ireland. He worked in the fields of
> differential equations and algebraic logic, and is best known as the
> author of The Laws of Thought (1854) which contains Boolean algebra.
> Boolean logic is credited with laying the foundations for the
> information age. Boole maintained that:

> No general method for the solution of questions in the theory of
> probabilities can be established which does not explicitly recognise,
> not only the special numerical bases of the science, but also those
> universal laws of thought which are the basis of all reasoning, and
> which, whatever they may be as to their essence, are at least
> mathematical as to their form.

What this means is that the utter complexity of modern computing at the
level of machine language is reduced to the decision between a zero or a
one. This is why we refer to computing as binary logic. There are only
two options all the time. The basis of machine intelligence is a
one-to-one match for the moral complexities of being a human being. The
simple binary by which the human heart operates is right and wrong.
Sometimes we go through phases in life where that simple dichotomy
becomes blurred. In classical spiritual stories, the seeker is
identified at a very young age as somebody seeking the highest knowledge
in creation, the knowledge of the Creator himself. The tradition of the
seeker is more muted in the west than it is in the east. Or it might be
that the Seeker in the west ends up in the mental fields rather than the
spiritual fields. We are taught from a very young age that the pursuit
of truth is through the sciences, through the external world, and this
is the first mistake. The truth of our existence and what we are can
only be attained through an inner search. This results in a state of
consciousness that is non-shareable through intellectual discourse. A
person of high consciousness shares knowledge by simply sitting beside
you and transferring it to you through the various channels in the body
and the auric field. This is what spiritual gurus are doing with their
disciples. The reason it can't be shared intellectually is that it is
attained through a series of correct Boolean decisions made in the human
heart. When we lose connection with our heart and we stop making these
simple decisions between right and wrong our lives drift. I don't like
the polarity of Good and Evil. It seems childish to me. I prefer to talk
about power and love.

After my military service I worked as a mercenary for a while. They're
called contractors now. The market is huge with players that can put
together huge private armies of ex-special forces from all over the
world. Much of the Iraq War under Bush, Cheney, and Rumsfeld was fought
with private contractors from a company that at the time was called
Blackwater [^16].

Back in my day this kind of corporate organization to mercenary work
didn't exist. All you had to do was put your name out there and they
would find you, and they were almost always the CIA or an affiliate
intelligence organization like MI6 or the Mossad. It should worry
everybody that military contracting has become so prolific in the
twenty-first century. War is always a messy business, but when it's
attached to a profit motive by independent corporations it becomes like
private prisons. How can we trust these most delicate of things in our
societies to people who leverage their existence off of a profit motive?
It's something that a lot more people should ask themselves. And it's
another example of our slide into a power-based culture. The fact is
nation-states don't exist anymore. They haven't for some time. Nations
themselves are nothing more than corporations now. They are organized as
corporations, incentivized as corporations, and desensitized to human
concerns like corporations. They exist for a single purpose: to survive
at any cost.

Remember that a corporation is an incorporation. It means to create a
body, from the Latin corpus. A body can't be created without something
to animate the body. In our human existence we speculate that the soul
is what animates the body. But what animates the body of a corporation?
Some form of intent must enter the body to give it motion and purpose. I
suppose we could call this a spirit of sorts. What's the next thing that
a body does? To my sensibilities they operate within their environment.
To operate within an environment is to make decisions. All decisions
made through the human heart resolve around right and wrong. All
decisions made through a machine resolve around zero or one. There is no
moral reasoning in the machine decision process. As a general rule
nothing in human life should circumvent a human decision process.
Nothing should be left to a machine. No decision that will affect human
beings can be made outside of the human heart. There is a moral
character to all decisions which affect other human beings. Human beings
indeed form the board of directors of corporations. The board of
directors for the United States of America is represented in our federal
government. The most dramatic incorporation in the last four hundred
years is the bank of England. It has operated with no moral reasoning.
It's simply issuing capital and collects interest for the controllers of
the bank, as does every Central Bank in the world now. It's impossible
to be a nation-state and to trade and do business with the collective of
nation-states without being apart of this banking structure now. The
case could be made that there aren't even any decisions involved
anymore. Anyone who tries to circumvent the system and do business is
dealt with quite harshly. Just ask Colonel Qaddafi. He decided he was
going to operate through his heart. He was sitting on one of the largest
natural resource bases in the world. Libya has oil. He created the
largest freshwater aquifer in his region of the world. He provided free
post-secondary education for all citizens is part of the wealth dividend
from the oil. He was able to foresee the instability of the
International Monetary Fund and its member states, so he tried to
develop an independent financial system backed on gold. Hillary Clinton
was the Secretary of State at this time. She took her orders from the
Council on Foreign Relations and other think tanks, and she attacked
Libya. Colonel Qaddafi was brutally murdered by rebel forces that were
paid by the CIA. The ambassador to Libya was sacrificed. He knew too
much. At that level you either play ball or you die. Hillary Clinton
glibly made jokes about it on American news shows afterward, finding
humor in the situation.

What you see if you deconstruct Libya and dozens of other examples over
the last few decades is a complete absence of moral reasoning. What
happened to the right and wrong of the human heart in decision-making
processes? The corporations took them away. These golems that run the
world now, these corporations, whether they be former nation-states
themselves, as is the case with almost every country in the world now,
or large private-sector corporations which are adjuncts to the
government, defense contractors in the United States, companies like
Lockheed Martin, Bechtel, Booz Allen Hamilton, to name just a few, are
operating on decision-making processes that are no longer filtered
through human intelligence, which includes feeling. The systems run on
process mapping. The world is governed by *if/else if*.

Corporations are incapable of moral reasoning. Their reason for being
brought into existence was not spiritual growth. They are not a creation
of whatever created us in the world we live in and the universe we live
in. Their mission statement from inception is profit. Nothing in
creation can deviate from its reason for being. A shark was created to
eat all the garbage in the ocean. A tree was created to provide oxygen
from a human perspective. A corporation is created to administer
fiduciary duties, continue with survival, and to grow, a very important
concept to understand. It's in this growth principle that we are most
deceived by corporations. They apply a spiritual principle that is part
of the creative fabric onto a non-spiritual entity, an entity not
animated by the same spirit that animates us and all the life around us.
The purpose of a corporation is to grow. The measure of their growth is
money, and they are animated by their intent, which is to find more
money, to create more money, and to concentrate that money into fewer
and fewer hands. It's as though money was created to return to where it
was spawned, like a salmon making the long journey home against the
current. It's kind of magical when you think about it. The whole world
has been occulted from you.

I got tired of mercenary work, or private contracting as the accountants
in Washington call it. I guess it's time for a lifeline update. I went
into Navy Special Warfare training in 1988. The entire training course
takes about a year and a half to finish. I did seven years of service,
mainly as an operations officer, then three years of *private
contracting*. So we are up to the late nineties now. I bought a web site
called Sealstore.com from a guy called Pete *the pirate* Carolan. He's a
Seal team guy from Vietnam. He was one of the swimmers who would
retrieve capsules from the Apollo missions when they splashed down in
the ocean. We've been friends for years. I sold Navy Special Warfare
items like T-shirts to the public, coffee mugs, and other things with
the Navy Special Warfare logo. It was a great little business. This was
in the very early days of web commerce. The term *basket* had not even
been developed for the Internet yet. I put contact details up on the web
site, including my phone number.

Early on I got a call from a guy claiming to be a former commander of
Seal Team Six, Robert Kane.[^17] He said he needed some gear. When her
first started calling he asked for illegal things, like quantities of
firearms. Pete hung around my house a lot back then. He was homeless. So
many highly accomplished soldiers who do extended tours of duty lose
themselves. Whoever they were before they went over to whatever theater
of engagement they went over to, that guy gets shredded. They come home
and they can't find the guy again. Nothing at home makes sense anymore.
They are master survivors, so living rough seems normal to them. I
couldn't let that happen to Pete. He didn't so much live with me as he
had the door open for him anytime he wanted to drop by and crash on my
sofa. Pete was over one day when Kane called and I put it on speaker. He
said there's no way that guy's a team guy. I told Pete that was my
intuition too but I wanted to know more about the guy. I turned him down
and all the crazy deals he asked for, three dozen of this kind of
weapon, this kind of explosive, and a million and one other requests.

It's hard to paint the picture of a guy like Robert Kane. There are no
reference points. To the best of my knowledge he hasn't been outlined in
any novel or movie. Most of the human templates are out there. If I want
to describe somebody to you I could just say, he's like Jack Nicholson
in *The Shining*. This guy had no template. He certainly wasn't a team
guy. He never went through Navy Special Warfare training and he sure as
shit didn't command Seal Team Six. But he intrigued me nonetheless. He
had money. He did buy a bunch of gear from the store, hats, T-shirts,
coffee mugs with the team logo on it, stuff like that.

He was a mischief-maker. I guess if I were to tie him to anyone in the
public consciousness it would be Loki, the Norse god of mischief. I
didn't know it at the time, but what Kane did was set people up or do
jobs with them, depending on how the job turned out and what he thought
of the people he was working with. What do I mean by job? It could be an
operation, which is an illegal military operation. He could put together
small teams for small jobs in foreign countries. Sometimes the team
would rip something off. Maybe Kane had been told about a safe full of
diamonds somewhere in the Far East, stuff like that. Where you would get
that kind of information I don't know. But Kane knew the kind of people
who did. I would later find out that he was connected in ways I couldn't
have imagined. One way of looking at guys like this is Lee Harvey
Oswald. He was a classic patsy. They had a way to play him, and they had
a way to play Kane. The point is, Kane was in the game. The name of the
game was compromise. You don't get cut into the deeper stuff until they
own you. You don't get inside the center circle until they own you. They
own you when they control your fate. This is important. Make sure you
get this. It's how a lot of the world works. These spook *rounders*,
meaning guys who are *around* the power circles — CIA, FBI, NSA, Navy
Intelligence, Air Force Intelligence, and all the other lettered
agencies too numerous to list here — are the bread and butter of the
intelligence world. They never show up on payroll. They can never really
be tied to anything in a court of law. They can never be used to prove
anything about the intelligence agencies. They're out there in the
world, looking for people like me to compromise, a good asset for
complicated work. But they won't work with me until I'm compromised. So
we rob something, or kill someone in a foreign country, and a guy like
Kane is casing the job the whole time to surround me with a timeline, a
motive, and physical evidence tying me to the crime, even though he
commissioned everything, organized everything, and recruited me, then
that crime is held over me to do whatever he and his intelligence
controllers, who I might never meet, want me to do.

The *compromise* is different for everybody. For a diplomat or banker it
might be sex with a child or participation in a human sacrifice ritual.
Whatever the compromise is, once they have it they own you. It's like a
Voodoo spell. You're their zombie to do their bidding or you go to
prison for a long time. With friends like that, huh? And that my friends
is how the whole world works, an endless series of leveraged
compromises. If he didn't need you after the compromise he'd flush you
right away. He generated casework for the FBI and the CIA. He'd organize
a crime and then turn his accomplices over to the authorities. Try to
think of it almost like plea bargaining before the crime happens. The
actual legal definition is entrapment, but that doesn't matter. The
biggest lawbreakers in any system are the law enforcement agencies,
domestic or international like the CIA, though even that's laughable
these days. Most of their work is against the American public now, not
in defense of it, just another one of the myriad inversions that exist
in this Satanic system, inversion being the main goal of the Satanist,
an upside-down cross is a simple and direct example.

If Kane put a job together, or if he made a large weapons purchase on
the black market, he would often turn over the names of his accomplices
to either the CIA or the FBI. The guy that did the job would find
themselves compromised. They would either have to work for the FBI or
the CIA for an indeterminate period of time doing things they would not
normally do if they had free will and free conscience. Sometimes they
even went to jail. It took me a while to put this picture together of
Richard Kane. In the beginning I was just intrigued by this guy. How did
he know so many people? Where did all these jobs come from? Like every
team guy, I was haunted by my past. Pete saw too much action and he was
homeless in Long Beach. I didn't see enough action and still craved it.
Kane knew how to push my buttons. He was a master manipulator.

He finally came up with a small job I could do. He was looking for a
fifty caliber sniper rifle. At that time Kane lived in Chicago. I was
able to locate a fifty caliber and buy it legally and transport it to
him in Chicago. He was paying handsomely and it was worth my time and
the drive from Long Beach to Chicago. Thinking back on it now, a lot of
the incentive for staying tied into a guy like Kane was the money. There
weren't too many people in my life back then who are offering exorbitant
amounts of money for two and three-week jobs. Truth be told, I was still
an adrenaline junkie, too.

So I packed up this thirty-year-old fifty caliber rifle with scope in a
gun case, threw it in the back of my vehicle, and drove out to Chicago.
While I was on the interstate in Nebraska I had a cop pull in behind me
and keep following me for quite some time. There is nothing illegal
about what I was doing but I felt a little self-conscious. I pulled off
into the first gas station I saw. Unfortunately I forgot to put my
blinker on. It was all the excuse the cop needed to engage me. He put
his lights on and pulled in behind me in the gas station. He got out of
his car and walked right up to my door. The first question he asked is,
what's in the gun case? I told him the truth. I got out of my car,
opened up the hatchback, and then the gun case and let him look at the
fifty caliber. He asked why I was transporting it. I told him I was
selling it to a buyer in Chicago. I showed him my firearms license and
that was that. He wrote me up a cautionary ticket for turning off the
highway without using my blinker.

I got into Chicago and parked my vehicle. I notified Robert that I was
at his home. He told me where to park in downtown Chicago. He lived in a
high rise condo building on the water. I was told to leave the firearm
in the vehicle and just come up and meet him first. I did as I was told.
He was my employer at the time. He was paying my bills to drive out
there and he was giving me a very handsome profit on the sniper rifle.
He buzzed me into his building and I went up to his floor. When he
opened the door to his condo and I walked in I realized that it was a
double-sized condo. He had bought two and knocked down one of the walls.
It was beautifully furnished. The guy lived well. He was about thirty
years old at this time. He stood about six feet and two inches. He was
married to a Filipino woman and he had a couple of kids and she was
pregnant with another one. We went down to the underground parking in
this building together and I opened up the vehicle and he looked at the
rightful. He was happy with it and we took it back up to his
condominium. He paid me the money owed and I spent a few hours talking
to him. The sniper rifle was my interview. I passed.

I'm not quite sure if after that first sniper rifle deal I passed a test
or I stepped onto a spider web, either way I was in Kane's world and
things moved fast. He said that he wanted to work with me. He said that
he had more work than anyone could want. It was specialized work, the
kind of work a guy like me was born to do. I hung around in Chicago for
a few days. Once it was agreed that Kane and I would work together, I
met another guy who came over to the condo. He took some personal
details for me and went and opened up a bank account with Barclays in my
name. The next day I went down to Barclays and there was a safety
deposit box in my name with seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars in
it. We then went to a computer store and bought a laptop for me. Then we
went to Kane's office. It was across the street from the Commodities
Exchange in Chicago. Whatever Kane was he presented well. His office was
on the third floor and nestled in with a brokerage. Everything he did
had a perfect cover to it. When I went into his office I saw that he had
a Bronze Star on display and most of the gear he had bought from me
online related to the Seal teams. There were other military medals as
well. It was all a cover. I knew it the moment I saw it, but I didn't
say anything, even though it offended me this guy was pretending to be a
member of Navy Special Warfare.

There was an assistant in the office with Kane. He came in and started
talking with me in the room. He described he and his associates
orchestrating the removal of sixty billion dollars from the Indonesian
stock exchange. There was a political coup as a result, an enemy of
George Bush Senior and a difficult man to kill because of his security
detail, Abdurrahman Wahid of the *National Awakening Party*, was taken
out. A little bit of irony in the name of the political party. Papa Bush
put them back to sleep almost immediately. The poor bastard was only in
power a year and a half, but what he didn't get was that Suharto had fed
his generals well, and therefore the corruption was not excised with
Suharto's removal from power. Poor Wahid tried to reform the military
and they got him impeached by parliament.

Money rules the world because it controls human behavior. There are many
ways to take people out. One of the best is to incite the people around
the target. I didn't know what the guy was talking about. but I knew
there was the Asian Financial Crisis around that time, but I didn't know
it was a financial intelligence operation until I heard Kane's assistant
come into the office and name drop Papa Bush. One of the things you have
to understand, furthering your understanding of the true nature of money
and its utility in changing the course of events, is that intelligence
assets are heavily vested in the financial community. Why send in a team
of special forces to destabilize a country when you can crash their
market? And how do you do that? You invest a lot of money to support
your guy, and Suharto was the IMF and the CIA's guy, and then, when his
countrymen get fed up with being fleeced through corruption and oust him
from power, as was the case with Suharto, divest your money from the
country when the new, antagonistic leader enters the arena. The old guy
will look like the only guy who was holding things together. You'd be
amazed what happens when a mid-size economy like Indonesia loses fifty
or sixty billion of market capital in seventy-two hours.

So there I was, the owner of a website that sold Navy Seal insignia
stuff, in the office of a guy to who I just sold a fifty caliber sniper
rifle, listening to his assistant tell me about the takedown of
Indonesia while hinting at connections to George Bush Senior. One of the
things you have to understand, is that George Bush Senior ran America
from 1988 until Trump got into office. He ran Clinton and he ran Obama.
His kid was run as well, and Cheney and Rumsfeld were there for good
measure. There is no overstating the power that George Bush Senior had
in the world. He is the clearest example of a behind the curtain and on
stage power at the same time. It usually doesn't happen that way.
Usually, the guy on the stage has hidden handlers, people in committees
behind him dictating his every move or her every move, and keep in mind
I'm not just talking about the United States here; I'm talking about the
whole world pretty much. Papa Bush was the exception. But what do you
expect, really? He was the Director of the CIA. That's the *behind the
curtain* power. They've been a nearly completely rogue and unaccountable
agency since their birth out of the OSS (Office of Strategic Services).
There isn't a thing that I'll mention in this book that the CIA is not
involved in — occult rituals, extraterrestrials, child trafficking —
both as a facilitator and a protection service for those *compromised*
people on their web. It's a shit show.

After this ever so brief parlay in Kane's office, we decided to go and
get some lunch. It turns out that the guy wasn't canes assistance he was
a broker who worked at the office. The way he originally came into the
office and supplicated himself to Kane I assumed he was an assistant. We
went to a nice steak house. They weren't going to let me pass the front
door cuz I was in workout clothes. When the broker walked in behind me
the waiter got me a dinner jacket and told us to wait at the bar. We had
a bottle of wine at the bar while we were waiting for a table to clear
by the fireplace. The restaurant wanted me out of sight because I was
wearing a dinner jacket over a tracksuit. We finally got seated and we
all ordered the same thing. It was off the menu. Steaks wrapped in bacon
with a little bit of seafood. Kane was trying to facilitate a
conversation between myself and the broker. I didn't know how to relate
to this guy. He came from a world I didn't understand. He was moneyed,
suave, and connected.

After lunch, we went back to Kane's condo. We stayed up all night having
drinks and talking. Kane explained to me how the world works from his
perspective. There was no such thing as countries anymore they were all
just corporations. War was another extension of business. There was no
room for sentiment. This was the way the world worked and nothing would
ever change it. It was like listening to a guy talk out loud explaining
how he could get rich with a lemonade stand in hell. Talk about
acclimatizing yourself to any environment. Kane had no moral compass. He
was like a shark. He just constantly moved, looking for things to
consume. Anything that he wanted to consume was something that would
make him a lot of money without any work, and in many instances it was
stealing the work of somebody else. None of it was illegal. All of it
was immoral. I felt like a new soul coming to the planet fully formed as
an adult getting a briefing from a minion of Satan himself.

What astounded me most about Kane's dissertation on the world as he knew
it was how the winners and losers of every conflict were selected before
the conflict. He was postulating a world in which nothing was random. It
was a lot to take in. I'd been drinking all afternoon, all evening, and
all night. I no longer lived the Mormon code at that point in my life,
but I was nowhere near what you would call a heavy drinker. I sat in
that condo until the sun came up and listened to Kane's intoxicating
perspective on the world, a world where anything was possible for those
who knew how it worked, and almost nothing but a meager list of goals
was possible for anyone who didn't know how the world worked. He told me
about a seven-foot-tall extraterrestrial he'd seen in a laboratory
somewhere. I told him I didn't know what he was talking about. He moved
on to other stuff. I was way too green back then to make the
extraterrestrial connection. I hadn't put it all together yet. The
extraterrestrial connection would come later in my life. But the broker
knew what was what. He knew what ran the world. He told me straight up
in that condominium in Chicago and I was too green to hear it.

What was established that night was a working relationship. Along with
the laptop computer that had been bought for me at Circuit City came a
black box that was used for scrambling any communication between us. The
car I had driven down in was a rental. I left it in Chicago with the
rental company and Kane took me to the airport the next day and paid
cash for a ticket back home to Long Beach.

When I got back to Long Beach I was contacted very quickly afterward by
Kane. He wanted me to go out to Nevada and meet a guy named Duke Piper
to help him in the purchase of some land. It turns out the land was for
a range so a team could practice. I assumed at that point that I was
part of a team. It's strange how that was never made clear to me in the
condo in Chicago. What I learned moving around in these circles was that
contract with something else other than a signature on a piece of paper.
They seem to imply consent at certain points of negotiation whether you
realized it or not. We didn't end up purchasing the land in Nevada. I
flew back home to Long Beach. The next I heard from Kane he wanted me to
go to the Philippines with him on an operation. He had put a team
together. He told me the team would be leaving by private charter plane
in a week. He also mentioned that he had to briefly go over to Italy to
be knighted by the Pope in the Knights of Malta. Now, normally when
somebody says something like that out loud you might think they're
crazy. Especially after you've seen how they live and how they make
their money, and especially after you've heard their worldview, which is
a kind of predatory economics without a level playing field, but sure
enough I later saw the pin. Kane was a Knight of Malta. What's more, he
was knighted by the pope himself. There's a ceremonial sword for it. You
get tapped on both shoulders. It all sounds cheesy but it goes on. In
these controller circles, these circles of people who run the world,
these kinds of titles are a really big deal. At the time of the
Philippines operation I couldn't go. I was newly married and my wife was
pregnant with my son. She didn't want me to go. Women always have better
instincts than men. I told Kane I couldn't go and I told him why. He
kept asking me for things while I was in the United States. He needed
gear for the mission: boots, combat pants, non-artillery, non-armament
gear. I tried to help him but it turned out that it was impossible to
mail that stuff to the Philippines. I ended up going over to the
Philippines myself after a few arguments with my then-wife. I took a
duffel bag full of all of the gear that Kane had requested. It was in
the Philippines that he showed me the pin from the Pope, the Knight of
Malta pin.

So I got over to the Philippines and met Kane at his hotel suite. He was
in the presidential suite of a five-star hotel. His wife was there and
his kids. He never left the hotel room. His wife left every day to go
shopping and to visit people, and her family came to the presidential
suite almost daily to visit her. So there I was in this presidential
suite in the Philippines trying to put together some kind of a plan
based on a directive I had not yet been given. As I watched Kane on the
satellite phone, I realized that he was an order taker not an order
giver. He kept saying *yes senator*. I later realized he was talking to
John McCain.

Kane would get nervous when McCain called. And McCain called almost
every night. He would pace back and forth with a satellite phone to his
ear, reassuring the senator back in Arizona that this or that had
already been taken care of and this or that was being taken care of, and
generally that we were on top of everything. There was another guy on
the team that I enjoyed. His name was David. He was an ex British SAS. I
have the highest respect for these soldiers. They're training in their
dedication is commensurate with Navy Special Warfare. Never pick a fight
with a SAS man. It was nice to have another Soldier to talk with. Once
you learn how to be a soldier there's a commonality to it that's
Universal. There was a desk set up in a quiet part of the presidential
suite. A phone and a chair were put at the desk. David and I took turns
fielding calls that come into that number. It also had some gear hooked
up to it to scramble communications for anyone who might be listening
who was not supposed to be. David did most of the work on the phone, and
he told me that every other day a guy named George would call, and
recognizing the voice, David told me it was George Bush.

Whatever was going on in that hotel suite, very proud powerful figures
all over the world were connected to Robert Kane. A little while into
the stay in the Philippines, Kane showed me a fax that had come in from
the Vatican. They wanted to set up an orphanage. Kane explained to me
what that meant. The higher-ups in the world did not find children to
rape, ritually murdered, and sacrifice, they took them from their
orphanages. They set up their orphanages to supply their networks with
children for whatever nefarious ends the clients wanted the children.

I know this is stomach-turning. I know this is going to be upsetting to
many Catholics. I'm not trying to offend anybody. If it evens it out a
little bit, I will tell you, from my experience, every major religion in
the world is involved in child trafficking, including my birth religion
of Mormonism. What I want to take a moment to point out here is that
everything I am telling you is based on first-hand experience. I have
not researched these things. I have experienced them. I stood in that
hotel room for hours arguing with Kane. David and I were adamant. We
were shooters. We were muscle. We were tacticians for small operations
in a foreign country. We were not for procurers of children and we did
not set up orphanages to snuff the lives of children for the elite and
depraved. All the while this is going on there are consistently about
eight people in the hotel suite. Most of them I didn't talk to. They
weren't soldiers. They were spooks. I fucking hate spooks. Most soldiers
do. They're despicable little weasels for the most part. You can believe
your bullshit movies about Jason Bourne if you want, but to me, the CIA
means a fat and incapable pedophile with the power of a pencil. They're
fucking disgusting.

Nobody knew what was going on in that hotel room in the Philippines. We
were waiting for some kind of directive but it didn't seem to come.
After my outburst about the orphanage facts from the Vatican, I was
relegated to my room. I spent most of my time working on my website for
the Seal gear. A few of the operators would come and talk to me. David
the SAS Soldier came and spoke to me. Another guy by the name of Bob
Hoffman would come and talk to me. Hoffman gave me a sick feeling. He
didn't identify himself. Spooks are like that. Soldiers tell you who
they are right away. Spooks just leave you in the dark. So I sat in the
hotel room and filled orders from my website and made money from the
Philippines.

When Kane found out what I was doing, he had the password to the
Internet changed. At that time, you had to pay for the Internet by the
minute. It wasn't like today. This was 1999. The internet was still a
novel thing. I started to get bored, so one night I went down to the bar
by myself to have a few drinks. It turns out that Hoffman had been
reporting to somebody we didn't know in our group. It was another
American it would come over to the Philippines but had not announced
himself formally in the presidential suite. He was hanging out in the
shadows, and Hoffman was reporting to him. So when I found myself at the
bar alone, this fellow slit in beside me and introduced himself. He told
me he was with the CIA, which I found commendable, given that most of
them never tell you, and he told me that Hoffman had reported to him
that I was the most approachable of the group. I had no idea what this
was about. I thought the meeting in the condominium in Chicago with Kane
and the broker was the interview. I thought I got the job. It turns out
it was just the interview to get a shot at the interview. That thing
happening at the bar that night, that was the interview. It's amazing
how many layers these people put around things. Just imagine how
difficult any of this would be to explain in a court of law. That's why
they do it the way they do it.

Now this next part of my story is going to sound very strange. I have no
recourse but to tell you the whole truth at this point. Now is the time
to tell my story. There will be people who believe me because they had
experienced a similar, there will be people who are open to believing me
but not completely committed, and there will be those who will call me
crazy. When is CIA guy sat down beside me, I started to hear a voice at
the back of my left ear, as though it was right inside my head. It was
answering all of my questions before I even verbalized them. In my head
I had a vision of a pit and people walking around the pit. Some people
went into the pit. I decided to go into the pit. It was very dark inside
the pit. There was the faintest glow of light. I could see others around
me. I asked somebody how to get out. They said, look up. I looked up,
and I saw a little pinpoint of light. The voice then said concentrate
all your attention on the light. I did as I was told and I was pulled
out of the pit. To this day that meeting in the bar remains one of the
most extraordinary experiences of my life. I guess the lesson here is
that you find unclaimed parts of yourself by going out and living. That
experience inside my head with what I can only call my spirit was to let
me know that I was going into an area of darkness I might not be able to
get out of. The whole time this voice was going in my head I was
maintaining a conversation with the CIA guy at the bar. He kept buying
drinks. When he wasn't looking I would pour mine into a cactus beside
me. I did not want to get drunk. I did not even want to be drinking with
this guy.

The voice in my head kept telling me how the world operated. I was shown
a room with a very large table in it and several hundred people. I asked
inside my head, what is this? The voice said, these are the people who
run the world, the Committee of Three Hundred. I looked around the room
and I noticed two figures in the room and I said, those two aren't
human. The voice said, no they're not. I asked, Where does the power
come from? Where did these people get their power? The voice said, They
get it from money. The intentional energy that everybody puts into money
gets fed up to the people with the most money. The money is a harvesting
system. It harvests anticipation, intentionality, and all of the power
of human consciousness. I asked where all this came from. The voice told
me that it came from extraterrestrials. I asked what are they going to
do with all of this power? The voice said, they're going to seek
physical immortality and they're going to go to other worlds to conquer
them and rule them the way this world is ruled. Now remember, this is
going on in my head the whole time I'm at the bar having an actual
conversation with the CIA guy. To this day I don't know what happened. I
don't think it was any voice to skull technology. My best guess is that
it was the expression of the CIA guy. He could communicate to me
inwardly and outwardly simultaneously. If that sounds strange and
unbelievable, remember, most of the intelligence work at the top tiers
is rooted in the occult.

Why do you think a guy like Robert Kane was going to the Vatican to be
knighted by the Pope? In this experience, and I don't have another word
for it, because if I were to call it a vision it would take on religious
connotations and there was nothing religious about this experience, I
asked the voice in my head, who runs the whole show? Above the table
where the world's most powerful people had gathered I saw beings come in
and out of phase. They looked human but they were a little bit off. If
you passed them on the street you would think they were human. If you
were in a room with them and interacted with them or had the opportunity
to stare right at them for ten minutes or so, your intuition would tell
you there's something off about them but you would not be able to put
your finger on it. They wore black hats and black suits. I didn't know
at the time whether or not these were the men in black that were spoken
about in the extraterrestrial world. They certainly did match the
description. So all of this is going down at the end of the second
millennium, in 1999 in a five-star hotel in the Philippines. You have to
understand, except for the experienced during hell week where I thought
I was talking to extraterrestrials in a triangular craft out on my raft
in the ocean at night, I wasn't an extraterrestrial guy. I didn't read
books about extraterrestrials. I didn't ask questions about
extraterrestrials. I had no curiosity about them whatsoever. It's not
that I disbelieve, it just never even entered into my radar as I had
gone about my life that far. So to have this explanation of
extraterrestrial control of the world given to me at a bar in the
Philippines in a five-star hotel was freaky to say the least.

It was the beginning of the extraterrestrial rabbit hole for me. It
would culminate in an invitation from Billy Meier to go and visit him in
Switzerland at the compound several years later, but I don't want to get
ahead of my story. When I went back to the hotel room the rest of the
crew grilled me about what I and the CIA guy spoke about, even Robert
Kane. Everybody seemed terrified of this guy. He was like the Tony
Soprano of this group. He was the boss. The grilling went on for about
three hours. I told them everything they asked me about that happened in
the actual physical conversation between myself and the CIA guy, but I
kept the interior dialogue to myself. Quite frankly, I wasn't even sure
if I was sane at that point. With my military background, my thinking
was leaning toward the idea that I got dosed with some kind of drug. I
didn't have a clue what was going on. I needed some time to digest it
all.

Robert Kane decided that I was to be terminated. Both myself and David,
the SAS Soldier, were fired on the spot. We were each given one thousand
five hundred dollars spending money, and we had to immediately give back
what we had left. We were promised two hundred and fifty dollars a day
while we were there plus all expenses and they reneged on that. We were
put into a car, driven to the airport, and walked to the gate, then
Robert Kane and Bob Hoffman left. But only after they were sure we were
through customs and at the gate for the airplane. Whatever happened, I
failed the interview.

It was a long flight back from the Philippines. I forget what time I
left Manila. I got into California the next day at ten at night. The
next morning at six o'clock. I was arrested at my own home for allegedly
stealing the computer that Robert Kane had bought for me at Circuit City
in Chicago. This is what I was trying to explain earlier in this
chapter, how these guys operate. Everything is done by leverage. They
don't take a step forward unless they have you leveraged. It's like a
gang initiation. In a lot of the LA gangs you have to kill somebody in a
rival gang to make your bones. There's not a whole lot of difference
between a street gang and the CIA and how it operates. It's a testament
to my character and the character of Dave the SAS man that we both
failed. Some tests you just don't want to pass. I was able to get the
computer theft dismissed within a week.

The mother of my five and a half-month-old son took off shortly after I
returned from the Philippines. She had been seeing another guy while I
was away. I was left with this newborn baby boy, my first child and I
was nearly forty years old. I wanted to get back out in the game, but I
couldn't. I looked at this little boy who needed me, his father, and I
was done. The game was over for me.

The one small act of retribution I allowed myself was adding Robert
Kane's name to the *Wall of Shame*. It was a website where team guys
outed people pretending to be Seals. Kane's name was up for only a week
or so before I received a call from the CIA to take his name down. I
hate spooks. Here's the takeaway, you always get a choice, a simple
Boolean choice, a zero or a one in computing, a yes or a no is moral
reasoning. David and I said no to Richard Kane's shit show.

Moloch
======

The only good thing that came out of the Philippines was meeting David.
The way things got set up over there, he and I shared a room. Kane was
in the main suite we all used as an office. The first thing that David
and I did was take a run and a swim together. That's the way soldiers
roll, especially people who've been through special forces training. You
test each other. You would never see David coming in a million years. He
was only five feet and ten inches tall, and he was very wiry, which,
when I think about it, is a way of saying that he had highly developed
tendons and core muscle without muscle fat or bulk. He was a machine. We
did a flat-out sprint on the beach for about three miles. He called the
run, not me, but I was pretty wiped out after the three miles. Next came
the water, in which I had a distinct advantage being a graduate of Navy
special Warfare. We went into the ocean and started swimming out. About
every five hundred meters I looked behind me to see if he was still
there. I was swimming fast. He managed to keep up. We went about a mile
and a half out before he called the swim. I could have gone out three
miles easy. After the run and the swim we respected each other. We're
simple creatures, elite operators, kind of like making a new friend in a
school playground.

I've always liked soldiers. We don't lie to each other, especially when
we're thrown into a hotel suite with a bunch of spooks and whatever the
hell Kane was. The first real operators do when scoping out an operation
is get their own intelligence. You can't trust anything you get from an
intelligent source. In the special forces we do all our own
reconnaissance before we execute a mission. The number one rule is you
can't trust intelligence you don't get yourself. Operating from that
rule, soldiers like David and I share intelligence. We understand it's
our well being if the intelligence is flawed, not the spook desk jockey
who fronted the intelligence.

David had never worked with Kane before the trip to the Philippines
either. He'd done all kinds of contract work for the CIA, MI6, Mossad,
and other intelligence agencies and national entities, but not Kane, so
he was curious, cautious, and observant, same as me. David had an
excellent reputation as an independent operator. You have to get your
mind around the kind of guy I'm trying to describe here. If you've ever
seen the television show, Ray Donovan, you understand the concept of a
fixer. In the series, Ray Donovan is a fixer for Hollywood elites and
lawyers. He gets rid of bodies when a prostitute overdoses in a famous
athlete's hotel room, things like this. Now ask yourself this — what in
the world would an intelligence agency or a national government need a
fixer for? They have their own operators. Why go to a freelancer? I'll
leave that to your imagination. Some things are better understood if you
apply a little imagination to them.

I will tell you a story David shared with me. He was contracted by the
Mossad to get a man out of Los Angeles, an American citizen. David lived
in the United States when I met him, even though he was born in the
United Kingdom and trained by the British SAS, so he was a go-to guy in
the US contracting market. The man in Los Angeles had his passport taken
by court order. He was on bail and up on multiple charges of sexual
interference with a minor. The case against him was overwhelming. The
best he could hope for was a good plea bargain, but he was definitely
going to prison. It was highly likely that this person would be killed
in prison. Child molesters don't do well in maximum-security prisons.
This guy was a bookish five feet and five inches tall, and Jewish. He
held some importance for the Mossad, despite the fact that he was not
active in Israeli lobbying in the United States, or a highly moneyed
person, or anything else that would easily define his value to Israel
and the Mossad, but they did not want this guy going to prison.

David hadn't been told the details of the charges against the guy. He
only knew he was picking up a Jewish guy in Los Angeles and getting him
to London and out of Heathrow Airport without a passport, and he'd been
promised one million US dollars for the job. That wasn't just good money
for the evacuation of one civilian from a nation state where he had his
passport removed — it was ludicrous money. It set off a lot of alarm
bells in David. In the profession David had chosen, the profession I was
considering for three weeks in the Philippines hotel room, asking
unnecessary questions is stupid. It's a point specific, see no evil,
hear no evil profession. The money told David the level of scrutiny and
caution he should bring to the task. David was assured there would be no
tactical resistance to removing the man from the country, and this meant
there were no kill squads looking for the man, no open contracts on his
life. David had been told that the only real criteria for the job was
the ability to get the man past two sets of customs and immigration
departments the first in Los Angeles, and the second at Heathrow Airport
in London, England. David was tasked because he had the contacts in both
Los Angeles and London to get it done. He knew who to pay off to get on
a plane in Los Angeles and through customs at Heathrow Airport without a
passport. Once David walked the man walked out of Heathrow, he was the
Mossad's problem. One million US dollars for that simple piece of work.
It seemed to good to be true.

The problem was the guy started talking to David. A lot of these creepy
types are unashamed of their behavior. He started talking about his
sexual exploits with five year old boys, the way a heterosexual man
might talk about the juicy details of a woman he picked up in a bar. It
was all David could do not to kill the guy on the spot. He was going to
drop the contract altogether, which is something you don't do midway
through an intelligence operation like this, but David wouldn't have
taken the job, even for the million dollars, had he known the guy was a
serial pedophile. Everybody has their limit. Raping kids was David's. He
called the contract broker, a Mossad agent out of Toronto, and told him
he was going to drop the asset in front of LAX Airport. What David heard
from the Mossad man in Toronto changed his mind. He got them both on the
plane in Los Angeles and through Heathrow in England.

This is what the Mossad contract broker in Toronto told David. The first
thing I want to say is that I'm not telling this story for its shock
value. I wouldn't tell this story if I didn't think it had a purpose in
my life story. I've heard this story twice now, once from David, and
once from the Pleiadian group in Switzerland under Billy Meier, so here
goes. The guy David got out of Los Angeles was a direct descendant of
the man we call Jesus Christ. The Mossad are aware of the bloodline and
protect it and extract it from tragedy. When this man was charged in Los
Angeles, they had to snatch him from tragedy or he would have been
killed in prison. The story David was told, which is the story he
subsequently told me, is that the man we call Jesus Christ was married
and had four sons. He was not crucified by the Romans. He was nailed to
a y shaped tree. He was stabbed, and he did suffer tremendously, but he
was taken down from the tree and placed in a rich man's tomb. Inside the
tomb he was treated by three healers from India. When he was able to
move after three days, he gathered up his wife and his four sons and he
got out of Jerusalem, and his bloodline, through his four sons, is
scattered across the planet.

I'm not a theologian or a historian. I don't know how the story I was
told morphed into the Gospels, the Roman Catholic Church, the Eastern
Orthodox Church, the Greek Orthodox Church, and all the other
theological fiefdoms that have built nations and empires around them, up
to and including the empire we live in now, which is the empire of the
King James Bible and the Kabbalah, and remember the most important point
I can continually stress in my story, what was done in small groups in
the past is being done institutionally and in our names in the modern
world. The left hand path, the magical rather than the spiritual path,
the enslavement rather than the liberation path, started with the King
James Bible, which gave the authority to rule, and which led to The Bank
of England. The many variations on this Hebrew man's story have been
used to control and tax people for indulgences for two thousand years.
It's a shit show.

This was the quality of soldiers that I like. The story David shared
with me was a perfect story. He knew exactly what its effect would be
upon me, that's why he told me the story. You can't hear a story like
that from a credible source, and for me David was a credible source —
and I subsequently met the Mossad hiring agent in Toronto Canada — and
not be affected by it. It haunted me. It took my whole life in a new
direction, one that wouldn't fully manifest for another five or six
years. Remember, I was raised Mormon, and at the time I found myself in
the hotel suite in the Philippines, I would still identify as Mormon if
asked to name my religion on any kind of form. I was heavily invested in
the Christ story as it had been told by modern Christian religions.
David shared with me one of the most important pieces of intelligence
he'd come across in his life. That's what soldiers do. They share
intelligence. We take the same risks. We obey the same chains of
command, whether in the public or the private sector, and in that shared
burden, that common guild, we share with each other important
information.

I'm grateful David told me that story. I wasn't at the time. When I
first heard that story, when we were both off duty from the main hotel
suite with Kane and his crew of creeps, when David and I were beginning
to form our bond, realizing we'd been interviewed and failed because we
balked at setting up an orphanage for the Vatican, when we shared our
disgust for the people we had to cohabit with in that hotel suite, I was
devastated. But over time I became grateful David shared that sterling
piece of intelligence with me. I'm now sharing it with you.

No human being who has ever walked this earth has created more
controversy and more strife than Jesus Christ. Everywhere the
ideological Christ has gone blood has been spilled. In his name they
gave themselves legal authority to reap and pillage. Jesus Christ was
their license. If we take the story David told me as true, we have to
ask ourselves who wrote the Gospels? Why were the real Gospels redone by
tyrants and madmen to overlay the story of the resurrection, the eternal
life through his name? Why was the pagan sun worship woven into the
story? It's the most successful scam in the history of scams on this
planet. Yet the man really existed. And he was charged with a divine
mission. I'm sure some of what we call the Christ persists in the
Gospels, and I'm sure that he was regarded as a revolutionary in his
time. But the cultivation of the son of god and eternal salvation
through his sacrifice is entirely a social construct created by men far
less then the true man of the Gospels, and created with the sole
intention of exploiting people. Again, I feel the need to say, I'm not
trying to offend anybody, especially now, especially when people are
looking to their religion for comfort, but maybe it isn't comfort you
should be looking for right now. Maybe you should be looking deeper,
inside of your pain, and trying to find some real answers to your own
existence. The stakes have never been higher. Why perish in a lie?

We should also take a moment to discuss some of the things that were
touched upon in the last chapter because they're pretty shocking. I told
you that a fax came in from the Vatican. They wanted an orphanage set
up. What that meant is they wanted a steady supply of children. The
Vatican is part of the Satanic-Luciferian structure. If you don't know
that yet, I'm sorry to be the one to tell you, especially if you still
find yourself heavily invested in their salvation doctrine. Mother
Theresa, the phony saint of Calcutta, was a child trafficker. Nobody was
counting orphans in India back then. Everybody is in on the child
sacrifice now. All the major religions from the Abrahamic roots are
doing it, including my birth religion of Mormonism. There has been a lot
of push back on this. It raised its head in the United States in 2016
with the Pizzagate scandal. The mainstream media mocked Pizzagate. There
was the fellow who went down to Comet Pizza with a firearm. He was
arrested before he could do any harm but they were quick to make a
poster boy out of him for the crazy surrounding Pizzagate. YouTube
started taking down all of the informational documentaries about the
subject. The people's media has never been the people's media.

There exists within the world three city-states unlike any other: the
Vatican, London City, and Washington District of Columbia. All three of
these entities stand on equal footing with the nations of the world.
Washington is not the capital of the United States. It is a separate
country within the United States. It's not recognized as a country at
the United Nations, but within the corporate structure of Nations that
we discussed earlier, it is a unique corporate structure. The same is
true of the Vatican and its relationship with the nation host of Italy
and London City within the nation host of England. These are the three
power centers in the world. You could say they are the visible power
structures if you wanted to be a stickler. There are of course invisible
power centers. Bruce covered this quite well in his book, Stardust
Ranch: The Incredible True Story. These ranches like Stardust, and
Bradshaw, and Skinwalker are all nodal points to at least one other
dimension. A nodal point is an energy center. On the physical body they
are known as the chakras. The earth has them as well. When you hear
occult phrases like, as above so below, you need to realize what they
truly mean. The construction of our reality is built upon certain
constants which vary in scale from the microcosm to the macrocosm. This
is why the advanced yogis in India say that an individual human body and
the consciousness therein is a replication of the entire universe. This
is why a human life is so important. It allows us to focus and direct
the energies of consciousness through the body. When we are alive we can
encompass all of creation because part of creation is physical as well.
When we are dead and in the next dimension waiting reincarnation, we are
missing part of the whole. If while we were alive we connected to the
holy spirit, divine love, or source energy as some call it, then that
connection will pull us back to creation once we let go of the body,
though we might spend some time in a dimension below the creator's pure
expression to dispel attachments there, emotional, nostalgic, or mental.
If we didn't connect with the primary energy we're going to be coming
back to physical creation. I don't want to start a big fight with
theologians and academics and students of comparative religion, so let's
just say this is my cosmology and leave it at that.

Even if you disagree with me, it won't impede your reading and
understanding of the rest of this story. The information I'm going to
give you about the magic and the ritual practice is not up for debate.
I've done magical rituals myself. They will be discussed in the Palo
Mayombe chapter. It's hard to tell this story. It really didn't all come
together until a few years ago, but in telling this story I have to go
back in my life and apply the consciousness I have now to the situations
I lived through without the awareness at the time. It's a little bit of
a falsity, but narrative conceit is part of writing, and in the end I'm
telling you the truth. It's just that the timeline is hard to get into a
nicely packaged story unless we were writing fiction.

The child sacrifice falls under the umbrella of Moloch. This is one of
the three chief demons that John Milton poeticized in *Paradise Lost*.
He has an ancient history in the Abrahamic scriptures, and he appears
under other names in ancient times. The ancient Israelites were no doubt
involved in Moloch worship. The common practice was to put a live baby
into a bronze statue of a bull. The belly had been carved out and a fire
was made in the bottom of the statue to heat up the hollowed-out belly.
The child would be placed in and would slowly die from the scalding
bronze heated up by the fire. The death was not quick. To drown out the
screaming of the infant, bells were set about on strings. Whenever there
was a child being sacrificed the screams were muted by the jingling of
bells. If you made the connection to the modern Christmas ritual you are
correct. Santa Claus is an effigy of Moloch. People put their children
on his knee, and we must remember that most of his relationship is with
children, and he wears a red suit, and he is accompanied by the jingling
of bells. So many of the rituals in modern Christianity are effigies for
older Satanic-Luciferian rituals. They love to mock.

What most of the people involved in this Satanic-Luciferian culture
don't know is that it doesn't exist. Remember, context is everything.
The participants think they're involved in a religious subculture
worshiping dark demons. The truth is they're involved with
extraterrestrials in commerce. There is an entire economy around human
energy and the component parts of the human body. It's an occulted
economy. It's grown quite large in the last seventy-five years. There's
something about the Second World War and what the Nazis got into and the
ensuing pursuits of both the KGB and the CIA that have brought us to the
ridiculous point we are at now. The occult economy is enormous now.
That's why the emphasis has shifted to controlling production. That's
why the Vatican sets up its orphanages all over the world, so they can
take children that won't be missed and won't be counted at any family
table. It's part of the fundamental deception that we live in that the
people masquerading as the ones we can most trust are the ones we can
least trust. The goal of the Satanic-Luciferian system is to create a
complete and total inversion of everything we think. Christmas is an
excellent example. In our conscious minds we think it's a celebration of
selflessness through the birth of Christ. In reality the word Santa is
an anagram for Satan and the entire ritual is a conjuring of the Moloch
spirit. It's the presence of the other side.

Moloch is a dysphemism. It's a deliberately dark and derogatory way of
talking about a kind of commerce. That presence is extraterrestrial.
It's always been an extraterrestrial story. There is a spiritual realm
close to the physical earth in which human beings reside. These poor
souls were unable to go to any of the inner worlds. They had no way of
moving on the other side. A human life is about building a spiritual
energy so you have momentum on the other side. So many people are dying
now and just hanging around close to the earth. This is where a lot of
people get voices in their heads. It's a spirit. The extraterrestrials
control this dimension of disincarnate human beings. In that regard they
might be considered the head demons in CS Lewis's *Screw-tape Letters*.
The human spirits are also used by lower-level black magicians
unaffiliated with the global control structure. The extraterrestrial
exchange is run by the power brokers because they're the ones that can
bring the big blood. It is difficult to contemplate these things. It's
not difficult for me. I'm a soldier. I've seen things most people don't
see. Blood is a normal part of life for me. It's difficult to tell this
part of my story because I know how it's going to impact people who
don't understand blood culture. You're going to feel uneasy. You might
even feel nauseous. I'm sorry to be the bringer of these feelings. We
are far past the time where people can pretend this is not going on
anymore. These things must be said out loud.

Let's go back to England, because that's the starting point for
institutional Satanic culture according to the thesis that Bruce and I
are putting forward. The Egyptian homage permeates London. The golden
mile going out from the River Thames (Isis) has a whole series of
monuments and symbols detailing an old world many who work, visit, and
live in London don't understand, as does Vatican City and Washington,
District of Columbia. The design of the *power center* cities is
occulted from all but the initiates, their monuments based on precise
number sets often using the co-ordinates of Egypt.

For a recent example, the monument to Lady Diana, *Lady Di* as she was
cursed — die lady, an intentional curse to which she eventually
succumbed — is known as *Isis*. It is a water monument in her honor. The
water is bidirectional, flowing both up and down. It's made in the image
of the eye of Horus. The words, hours and horizon are derived from
Horus, as is the word whore. Horus is associated with time, another
thing the English dominate in the world alongside language, with
Greenwich Mean time (GMT) being the zero point for time. The pathway to
the *Isis* monument for Princess Diana is the Ibis bird taking you to
the underworld. In in the Egyptian quarter of the basement of Harrods
department store, the basement being a metaphor for the underworld,
there is a dedication to Dodi Fayed and Princess Diana. Oxford is built
on old world knowledge and references it everywhere. Before we segue
into the gods of the Canaanites and the Carthaginians, I will take a
moment to point out that at the root of Egyptian religious mystery was
human sacrifice.

Oxford is the cradle of the modern desire to rule the world. The word
Oxford itself has an interesting etymology. An ox ford is a place where
oxen cross a river, a ford being a shallow part of a river where you can
drive or walk across. The fords were very well known in the past by
people who moved cattle across land. Now everything is done by train or
another modern means of transportation. If you go to the railway station
in Oxford there are a couple of oxen statues. The ox is a symbol of
Moloch, one of the two forms Moloch can assume in the world, the other
being an owl. Oxford is also derived from Osiris. The temporary name for
the River Thames is the River Isis during the summer semester, also
called the trinity semester at the university. The connections between
Oxford and the ancient world in naming and symbolism are everywhere once
you tune into it, and Egypt factors in as well. Isis was the sister and
wife of Osiris and the mother of Horus. Isis is associated with the
underworld.

So who is Moloch? No need to reinvent the wheel. Here is what the
Encyclopedia Britannica says.[^18]

> Moloch, also spelled Molech, a Canaanite deity associated in biblical
> sources with the practice of child sacrifice. The name derives from
> combining the consonants of the Hebrew melech (“king”) with the vowels
> of boshet (“shame”), the latter often being used in the Old Testament
> as a variant name for the popular god Baal (“Lord”).

> In the Hebrew Bible, Moloch is presented as a foreign deity who was at
> times illegitimately given a place in Israel’s worship as a result of
> the syncretistic policies of certain apostate kings. The laws given to
> Moses by God expressly forbade the Jews to do what was done in Egypt
> or in Canaan. “You shall not give any of your children to devote them
> by fire to Moloch, and so profane the name of your God” (Leviticus 18:
> 21). Yet kings such as Ahaz (2 Kings 16: 3) and Manasseh (2 Kings 21:
> 6), having been influenced by the Assyrians, are reported to have
> worshiped Moloch at the hilled site of Topheth, outside the walls of
> Jerusalem. This site flourished under Manasseh’s son King Amon but was
> destroyed during the reign of Josiah, the reformer. “And he defiled
> Topheth, which is in the valley of the sons of Hinnom, that no one
> might burn his son or his daughter as an offering to Moloch” (2 Kings
> 23:10).

Moloch is associated with child sacrifice, and very often the sacrifice
is made by the parents of the child as you look deeper into the history.
This is not a metaphorical god — now a demon in the Christian cannon —
child sacrifice really did go on in the near ancient past, and the
bronze ox was where the child was burned alive. Artifacts have been
uncovered testifying to the reality of Moloch worship. The English poet,
John Milton, provides one of the best descriptions of Moloch in his epic
poem, *Paradise Lost*, portraying Moloch as a the fiercest of the fallen
angels, the most bloodthirsty and craving child sacrifice. Here is his
entrance into Milton's epic work of free verse:

> First Moloch, horrid King besmear'd with blood\
> Of human sacrifice, and parents tears,\
> Though for the noyse of Drums and Timbrels loud\
> Thir childrens cries unheard, that past through fire\
> To his grim Idol. Him the Ammonite\
> Worshipt in Rabba and her watry Plain,\
> In Argob and in Basan, to the stream\
> Of utmost Arnon. Not content with such\
> Audacious neighbourhood, the wisest heart\
> Of Solomon he led by fraud to build\
> His Temple right against the Temple of God\
> On that opprobrious Hill, and made his Grove\
> The pleasant Vally of Hinnom, Tophet thence\
> And black Gehenna call'd, the Type of Hell.

So what is Oxford University's connection to Moloch? The first and most
obvious is that it is a place where parents send their children. In the
minds of their parents this is for enrichment, future prosperity, and
status, essentially all the things for which the ancient parents
sacrificed a child, but there is no sacrifice, at least not physical, at
least not that we know about. It is the sacrifice of the imagination,
which is the pathway to the soul.

The curious thing about all of this is that if you were to ask most
people to sum up Oxford, England in one word, most people might use a
word like rational, as it is the first university in the world, and it
has contributed significantly at a pioneering level to the growth of the
industrial and technical revolutions, as well as championed the
classical education, the man of letters, if you will. TS Eliot was
awarded a scholarship to Merton College, Oxford in 1914. Eliot is
considered one of the founders of the *modernist* movement in
literature, with his poem, *The Love Song of J Alfred Prufrock*,
considered a modernist masterpiece. Like so many who attend Oxford,
Eliot was not a native Briton. He was born in Missouri. Despite the fact
that we live in a seemingly American global structure culturally,
politically, and economically, England, and specifically Oxford with its
Rhodes Scholarship, has steadily molded many of the cultural, economic,
and political minds of the world, Bill Clinton is a good example of a
post Cold War leader influenced by his time at Oxford as a Rhodes
Scholar, serial rapist that he is. The American Ivy League universities
are modeled on Oxford. It is the as-of-yet unbroken mold for western
civilization, which, even as we hobble into global chaos of seemingly
Biblical proportions, the west still holds the reigns of power, if only
for the sake of the institutions like Oxford which created all modern
systems of exchange and commerce.

So what do I mean when I talk about institutional occultism? Every
occult ritual is a form of commerce, a form of exchange. The occult
folds into the laws of economy. The fundamentals of economy are
spiritual. This is another thing that has been occulted from us. We
think the economy is just the money we have in our pockets, our bank
accounts, and retirement plans. No, the economy is every exchange in
creation for mutual survival, including exchanges of thought and
feeling. The act of reading this book brings you into economy with me. A
pilot fish cleaning the teeth of a shark is economy. It's symbiosis.
Economy is more easily explained through biology and the occult
practices than it is through Wall Street, Fleet Street, or the Chicago
Mercantile Exchange.

There is no way to overstate the degree to which money has corrupted our
idea of what economy is. The rituals which have come to dominate the
world are a part of this economy. If money is the ability to manifest
anything you want, as we spoke about in the *Mammon* chapter of this
book, then what could be gained from the child sacrifice? It's the
presence of the other, the commingling of human consciousness with these
other beings and entities. It's a kind of a high, like a drug. The
beings and entities also give certain assurances. They can navigate
circumstances in the favor of the ritual supplicant, provide prescience
— the ability to know the future — and offer protection.

Now for the final dimension. This story I am telling you, my story, is
not a primer on backyard black magic like voodoo or Santeria. This story
is about institutional Satanism. So here it is. It all comes down to
intention. If you build an alter to your spirits on the other side, and
you keep a candle lit for them at all times, and you sacrifice a chicken
for them, then you have fulfilled the rules of exchange. By the laws of
economy they must exchange with you. Why? Because they want that
exchange to continue. They want what you have offered, therefore they
must deliver what you want. If you kill a chicken to feed your family,
the offering is within creational law, meaning the chicken's sacrifice
is recognized by the creational process and the creator, and there is a
reward for the sacrifice, a spiritual boost in the chain of being, the
final form on this planet being the human form, where you are given all
the tools you need to slip the net of cause and effect and free yourself
from this world. It's that simple. We've been told a hundred times by a
hundred different spiritual teachers who have incarnated on our plant to
try and help us, but we don't seem to be able to get it. The chicken
killed on the black magic alter is killed for the spirits on the other
side, the body left to bleed out on the alter. The spirits, although
non-physical, are able to get an energy exchange from the sacrifice, and
they are very grateful. That's how the whole thing works. Now, what do
you think happens when our religious institutions, our governmental
structures, our international bodies, and our intelligence agencies, are
really fronts for ritual sacrifice on an industrial scale? Welcome to
the world you're living within.

The use of depleted uranium munitions in Fallujah, Iraq has killed
numerous children and mutated countless others. The ritual of Moloch as
proscribed by the ancient adherents was called *passing through the
fire*. The Moloch rituals are the most vile because they involve an
intense and prolonged amount of torture and unimaginable pain for the
child. The attack on the unborn children in Iraq is an *institutional*
example of Moloch worship. It just gets worse from there. I could give
countless examples, but you get the point, and Bruce and I don't want to
write an unreadable book for its grotesquery. The specific dates upon
which large sacrifices are made are calculated for maximum efficiency
through astrology, numerology, geomancy and gematria, the stock and
trade of Kabbalists and their Masonic brethren.

It's hard to imagine what could bring a person to human sacrifice. It's
hard to imagine what religious decree could make a person copacetic with
taking another human life, especially a child's. Yet it goes on. It goes
on at a frequency that would alarm people. It goes on in circles and
among people who might be the last people you would expect to be doing
this. The chief characteristic of the dark rituals is rage. The
practitioners are consumed by a lack of control and to reassert their
control or the perception of control they take life. It's the ultimate
commitment to a lost spiritual thread in an individual life. The dark
side can deliver none of the benefits the soul needs to find its true
home.

I want you to try to imagine living in a reality that spans multiple
spheres or dimensions of expression. There are too many to count. Each
of those spheres represents an aspect of our reality. We therefore must
ask ourselves what is a reality? A reality is a chain of constants which
allow a being to believe they are living in stability. Let's take our
planet and our physical reality as the baseline. Everyday the sun rises
and sets. The constellations remain the same at night time. The
elemental structure of air, earth, water, and fire remain constant and
build most of the material in this domain. The force of gravity remains
constant and our weight is affixed to the ground. We don't float away.
Everyone we know who is born will die. Our parents pass before us. Our
children are born after us. The generations continue. Species come and
go. We know the dinosaurs were on the earth because of the fossil
record, but they are no longer here because we don't bump into them when
we're hiking in the woods. Our bodies are susceptible to certain
illnesses, which have been documented by our Medical Systems. All of
these things form our reality. They are constant. They are small list of
the constants that make this physical reality apprehendable to us. For
the most part human consciousness is limited to what the five senses can
take in and what the mind can process. Our senses and our mind appear to
have been created to interact with this reality, therefore we do not
feel alien. We feel as though we belong. When we look at the other
mammal life on the planet we can see that like us they have two eyes,
two nostrils, a nose, and two ears.

Nonetheless, we can see in the other mammalian life-forms a consistency
to the life pattern on this planet. To come into this reality you need a
body. The natural system births new forms of life through women. It
takes a man and a woman to produce a baby. It's the same for the other
mammalian life around us, cats and dogs and everything in the wild. All
of these things form the constants that define a reality.

It is the same for all other realities. When you go and investigate the
negative dimensions, what some might call the hell dimensions, there are
constants that maintain those spheres of reality. There are regions that
are kind of like waiting stations. I hesitate to use the word purgatory
because it is so charged with the religions that support it. These other
dimensions have certain constants. Some are quite dark. The light that
is there is difficult to define. The only word I can think of is
phosphorescent. It just seems to exist around certain living things,
although even the word living might be misused. Beings exist in these
realms but to say that they live compared to what we call life here in
our world might be a bit of a misnomer. Some of these dimensions exist
in context to the earth. This means that if the earth did not exist they
would not exist. And in between realms are world's there can be little
buffers as well. There's a buffer space between the physical world and
the lower astral plane. People who get caught in this place end up
living a non-physical existence alongside humanity. They create a lot of
problems for us. Most if not all of the people that we define medically
as schizophrenic are occupied by disembodied beings in this buffer zone.
There are operating groups and there is a social system just like on
earth.

When you understand this, you also understand how misguided the human
race is. It's a strange affectation of our times that as our technology
and our sciences appear to grow our comprehension of the spiritual
worlds diminishes. It's hard to imagine living in a world where the
medical sciences do not understand what I'm describing. I can assure you
that any psychiatrist working in a lock down facility for twenty years
or more would have experiences with schizophrenic people in which they
were told things it would be impossible for the afflicted to know unless
they were communicating with a disembodied entity. They brush these
experiences aside and continue on with the allopathic treatment for this
mental disease, which is a perpetual paycheck for the pharmaceutical
companies and the doctors. It's a shit show.

The left hand paths understand the law of economy much better than the
right hand paths. The right hand paths that are visible on the planet,
the religions which are constantly seeking new adherents, so far lost
now that they're actually more damaging than they are good, are all left
hand paths now. The left hand path answer questions. When you meet
somebody who has traveled the left hand path they know what they know
and there is no faith involved. What they are blind to are the spiritual
consequences upon themselves to the left hand path. This is what their
controllers keep from them. Every religion in the spiritual path on this
planet is a form of economy, and all economies are quid pro quo, and all
economies once established do not want to go away. Just try telling
allopathic medicine that they have to give up the pharmaceutical and
medical revenue from schizophrenia and see what happens. Very often
everything that happens in these other worlds is visible on this
physical plane. In fact the invisible worlds must represent themselves
in this physical reality because there's a law of descent which states
that that which exists above must manifest below. It's a system of what
we might call astral encryption. Once you have the cipher you can
decipher the astral to physical overlay. The cipher is a state of
consciousness, not a data sequence or key. The key characteristic of the
of consciousness is an almost animal-like sensitivity to energy patterns
outside the five senses. It's achieved by near death experiences,
spiritual practice, and trauma. I say animal-like because it presents
itself instinctively, the way a dog smells or a rabbit hears. You're
never looking for it. There's no mental activity. It simply presents
itself. You know over time the lay of the land in this tangential
energetic space. You become a traveler. Everywhere things travel they
trade. The law of exchanges dictates it. Are you getting the picture?

The whole layered reality is a system of exchange, not too dissimilar
from the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. Everything in nature, and the
supernatural is natural to the inner person, because that's the only
reality it knows, exchanges, and where things exchange they organize,
whether it be an anthill or the solar system, and they organize around
the economy, the exchange. It's an endless series of exchanges no
different than the ecosystem you see in a pond. This is what has been so
perverted in the human mind. There is this idea of an absolute battle
between good and evil. No such battle exists. In this regard I place the
blame squarely on the mismanagement of the Abrahamic teachings. To live
life without an adversary is to risk not growing at all. Adversity is
your best friend in life. Never go looking for adversity but where it
finds you meet it squarely with your feet planted in the ground. It's
there to make you a new being. Human transformation is an endless series
of conflicts. It's as though the entire natural world which exists on
predation is replicated inside each and every one of us. Instead of
larger creatures in nature looking to consume us. the beings and
entities on the other side who require the energy we produce to survive
prey upon us.

In every phase of life we cultivate energy. How we spend our own energy
determines the outcome of our life. It's always best to find something
to make offerings to. It's really the only way to expand your
consciousness. You have to enter into a spiritual economy. When you
offer your best energy to the Creator you're investing in the Creator.
Your best energy is offered up and deep gratitude and complete
submission. The Dividends are astounding. Everything is an economy. This
is the greatest secret you are not told. It hinted at in the countless
other forms of divination both modern and primitive. But in the end it
just is what it is. When you stop trying to hack it all the time and
extorted for some personal benefit to your lower chakras then you enter
the larger economy, then you become a shareholder in creation, and the
way that Corporation is run every shareholder no matter how small this
invited to the shareholder meetings. The meetings are better than the
dividend.

There's a spiritual energy in human blood. It exists to a lesser degree
in some of the animals around us. It has to do with this environment and
the richness of it. The adrenochrome is a secondary economy for the
human familiars, the biological dividend that their otherworldly
compatriots introduced to them. It's all just an economy. Feeding these
Spirits these energy allows us to do very bad stuff without being
consumed by them on the other side. So it's essentially a proxy killing.
They take the negative energy that we put into the animal and consume
it.

September Eleventh
==================

After the bar interview with the CIA recruiter in the Philippines, I was
a known being. What do I mean by that? Once they see you, they know you.
Once they know you, they don't go away. They are the controllers. This
is a controlled reality. There is nothing random. As much as it may seem
random, it isn't. My world started to collapse. Everything I thought I
knew about this reality fell away. I started to see the controllers. Not
all the time, but with sufficient frequency to remind me they were
there. I don't know where they come from or what they really are. I know
they run the show here on earth. It set me on a quest for knowledge that
would eventually take me to Switzerland to meet with the Pleiadian group
headed by Billy Meier. That's a pretty far cry from Mormonism.

What was it about 911 that shook everybody? To my sensibilities it was
too blatant. It was impossible to look upon that spectacle and not see
lies. The first and most obvious layer was the ritual aspect of it,
however, not a lot of people could decipher it back then, including me,
but I didn't need to understand it ritually back then. That's not who I
was in 2001. I was still a soldier in my mentality. I was logical in my
thinking, and still largely one dimensional, despite the growing
awareness of this other side around me that had been articulating itself
since I was a child, and which fully revealed itself in the Philippines.
My spirit woke up inside of me in that hotel bar.

The first thing that has to be noted is that the buildings were
demolished. Remember, the precursor to the Navy Seals was the Underwater
Demolition Team (UDT). I'm an expert in demolitions and explosions.
Those were controlled demolitions. At the base of the two towers were
small nuclear devices. That's why the site is called *ground zero*,
which is a term reserved in the military for the sites of nuclear
events. Above the base, charges were set all through the various floors
of the building. Building Seven was left standing after the alleged
collision by the planes but collapsed afterwards, again in a controlled
demolition with professionally placed explosives. The BBC actually
reported it fallen before it collapsed, an embarrassing lapse in
coordination between the CIA and MI6.

There isn't a structural engineer or architect in the world that would
vouch for the official story, unless they were well paid or compromised.
Remember, compromise as I described it in the Richard Kane chapter is a
large part of how they run this system. Compromise locks people into
their obligations to the control system. When you think about it, power
really can't operate any other way. People aren't there for the greater
good. The professions knew to stay quiet, for their own good.

They aren't there for service, but that's what we're led to believe.
It's a grand inversion. That's what the left hand path does. It inverts
everything. The education system doesn't grow your children. It retards
their growth. The healthcare system doesn't keep you healthy. It impedes
your health. The law doesn't protect you or create righteousness in your
society. It perpetrates abuses and corrupts your societies. It treats
the golems, the corporations, as persons and reduces the living men and
women to persons on equal footing with the golems. Our religious leaders
don't guide and protect us. They malign and abuse us, and in many cases
ritually kill the most innocent among us.

So why wasn't a single structural engineer or architect interviewed on
the news to explain the oddity of the government's story? The official
story tells us that the heat from the plane fuel melted the support
beams on the building. It's preposterous. There was a report prepared by
a German engineering firm that refuted the official story, but that's
the only thing I saw. I spoke to an architect friend, and he told me his
office had a visit from the FBI and the architects were told their
licenses would be revoked if they spoke publicly against the official
story of 911. I suspect a number of professions had similar visits from
our very corrupt FBI.

One of the prepackaged elements of the government narrative was the
moving and distressed cell phone calls from the flight that was
allegedly taken down by passengers, the flight which allegedly went down
in Pennsylvania. I worked at McDonnell Douglas the aerospace company,
and I learned a lot about commercial airplanes. The plane alleged to be
over Pennsylvania would have been above ten thousand feet in the air.
There was no technology at the time to make cell phone calls from a
plane over ten thousand feet. They needed the calls for the emotional
detail in their narrative. There was also the curious lack of debris in
both Pennsylvania and Washington DC — where the Pentagon was struck —
and what is most curious about that is the suggestion the engines
disintegrated on impact. Airplane engines are nearly indestructible. The
engines are so densely built they're found at every crash site. I won't
bore you with all the details, just trust me, airplane engines don't
disintegrate. Why haven't any telecommunications engineers or aerospace
engineers spoken out? They got the cell phone tech out about six months
after 911. They rushed it, put a concerted effort into it, because they
realized it was a big gaff. Now anyone looking back almost twenty years
would have a hard time figuring out the cell phone tech was not
available because it's release date was so soon after 911.

The next thing that must be noted is there was no investigation. The
culprit was announced early. It was nineteen Saudi terrorists with box
cutters, led and financed by a shadowy figure named Osama Bin Laden, a
guerrilla fighter who lived in caves and used a dialysis machine for his
kidneys. There was, therefore, no reason to conduct a proper
investigation. All of the evidence, which would have had radiation
signatures, or chemical signatures, as certain explosives can be traced
right back to the lab that produced them, was packed up and sent to a
landfill in China, yes, China, our evidence locker for the greatest
crime ever perpetrated on our soil. Why haven't any police, FBI, or
insurance underwriters spoken out? Why isn't the public outraged no
investigation was conducted or that China was given the evidence?

People go on and on about what some shadowy *deep state* did to us on
911, but nobody steps up, certainly no trade unions, no engineering
societies, no architectural societies, no military people, no demolition
people — nobody. The attack on 911 wasn't a conspiracy. It was an open
secret. We stood back and watched. We failed the human Boolean decision:
yes, allow them to do this to us, or no, stand up and tell the truth.
Shortly after the incident, in which no international voices spoke out
about the lie, we were mobilizing for war under Bush, Cheney, and
Rumsfeld. We all sat back and did nothing. The question put to us, in
our unexamined emotional frenzy was blood or no blood? Do you want to go
to foreign lands and rape, pillage, plunder, and murder? And we all said
yes. Because we didn't have the courage to face the real enemy, our own
Satanic government. That does not bode well for us. This law of cause
and effect is unfailing. We were scapegoated into accepting the karmic
liability of their actions. And that's how the whole system works.
That's how the Babylonian money magic works. It compromises us by
tacitly controlling us. Nobody wants to say it out loud. It's too
uncomfortable. We allowed millions of people to be murdered for
salaries, medical and dental benefits, little league fees for our
children, vacations, and pensions. It's that simple. That's how little
it took to compromise us. What does it matter if a communist politburo
runs if you live in a country that allows you to speak your mind then so
thoroughly destroys your life and ability to support your family that
nobody speaks their mind? In the end, what's the difference between a
monetary system that crucifies whistle blowers and a system that kills
dissenters? Not much at all, but we continue the pretense we're a free
society. The Obama administration made it a point of pride to severely
punish whistle blowers.

Our leaders dipped our hands in blood. It has been their goal and
mission, given to them by the controllers who run the world, to destroy
America, but America was so strong it couldn't be destroyed. The
American spirit was so vital, so entrenched in the national collective,
that no direct assault upon it could win, and so indirect assault was
chosen, a series of lies and a series of simple yes or no moral
decisions. When we failed those tests we commenced our national suicide.
Nobody had to kill us. We were convinced to do it ourselves. This is how
magic works.

We love to participate in the public moral outrage against monsters.
Sure, ask anybody, Charles Manson, Ted Bundy, and Jimmy Savile were
monsters. My god, the moral outrage says, what could produce a person
like that? But what about the jail guards at Abu Ghraib in Iraq? Normal
American men and women who suddenly found their psychotic sides with
only the slightest of provocations. How do we explain that? Here's a
section from Major General Antonio M. Taguba's report on the prison, a
report which was never meant to go public, but was quoted in the *New
Yorker* in an article titled, *Torture at Abu Ghraib: American soldiers
brutalized Iraqis. How far up does the responsibility go?* It was
written by Seymour M. Hersh.[^19]

> Breaking chemical lights and pouring the phosphoric liquid on
> detainees; pouring cold water on naked detainees; beating detainees
> with a broom handle and a chair; threatening male detainees with rape;
> allowing a military police guard to stitch the wound of a detainee who
> was injured after being slammed against the wall in his cell;
> sodomizing a detainee with a chemical light and perhaps a broom stick,
> and using military working dogs to frighten and intimidate detainees
> with threats of attack, and in one instance actually biting a
> detainee.

The human race is on a tightrope balanced between dignity and growth and
a depravity that descends below the baseline dignity of nature, where
predation is only for survival. Is it wired into us? Is it
environmental? It's neither. It's more akin to possession. The pot of
spirits that would have already existed at Abu Ghraib after years of
torture and murder by Saddam Hussein and his regime was ready and
willing to take over the weak minds of American service people. It's the
answer nobody wants to hear. Everybody wants to live in a packaged
world. You start talking about the spiritual reality that human beings
live within and people lose their minds. It's more egregious than the
original moral offense. Bundy, Manson, Savile, and a host of people too
numerous to list here were *sick*. It's a comfort word — *sick*. All of
the mystery is packaged in that one amorphous term — sick — and the
security blanket of authority is put over our cold shoulders and we're
metaphorically given a hot cup of coffee. It's all going to be okay.
They're just *sick*. Anything to avoid the good and evil debate.
Anything to make the conversation something other than spiritual.

American society split in 2001. Nobody saw it right away. It was like
stage one cancer, but the split was there. It was a fascinating time
because it was also the beginning of the computer age, the networking
age. Something that needs to be understood is the world of computers and
networking back in 2001. It wasn't as heavily policed as it is today.
You could still find chat rooms that were privately run off of private
servers that were very well secured against penetration. The most open
and honest conversations went on across the world between interested
parties. This is before YouTube came out and before video streaming
online and all of the things that we call network communication now. It
was really the wild west. It didn't last long, but almost everything in
the world got hacked between 2001 and 2003. It was a golden age for
freedom of information without filling out the nonsensical paperwork for
the police division or the Intelligence Division or the government
bureaucracy from whom you wanted to get information. Most of the time
they wouldn't even give you what you were looking for. Because they
retain all the records, and the records aren't public, and if you don't
ask specifically for what you're looking for they won't give it to you,
the whole Freedom of Information Act that permeated the Western
democracies is complete nonsense. It's just another lie. People found
their own way to get information. I direct you to Gary McKinnon. [^20]

> Gary McKinnon (born 10 February 1966) is a Scottish systems
> administrator and hacker who was accused in 2002 of perpetrating the
> "biggest military computer hack of all time," although McKinnon
> himself states that he was merely looking for evidence of free energy
> suppression and a cover-up of UFO activity and other technologies
> potentially useful to the public. On 16 October 2012, after a series
> of legal proceedings in Britain, Home Secretary Theresa May blocked
> extradition to the United States.

Gary did that with an eleven kilobyte dial-up modem. Gary found files on
extraterrestrial contact. NASA and the American intelligence community
went ballistic. They waged war with the UK to have Gary extradited for
espionage. Gary has mild autism. To their credit, the UK would not allow
Gary to be extradited.

I started to form a picture of the world. Everything that happened in
the world was planned and orchestrated. And this included the taking
down of The Two Towers in New York City. The alternative media and the
so-called conspiracy world has failed to grasp even 20 years later is
that no accident was made on 911. It was the beginning of this invisible
governing force in the world declaring themselves. Did you ever think it
would come any other way but sideways? Do you really think somebody's
going to stand up in front of the podium and say that they're at the
head of a Satanic underworld that controls everything? They wanted us to
know they took down those towers and they sent a missile into the
Pentagon. They wanted us to know. Imagine a psychopath with a genius
intelligence quotient going into an interrogation room with two homicide
detectives. Through an elaborate dispensation of information he allows
the homicide detectives to unequivocally know that he is the person who
committed the murder while at the same time letting them know they will
never be able to prove it and continuing to harass and pursue him will
be a complete waste of the resources of the police department. That's
what 911 was. It was the beginning of a dialogue with the demonic
underworld that controls us.

The biggest mistake that everybody makes who tries to figure out what is
going on in this world is too intellectually compete with them. We can't
intellectually compete with them. They have all the data. The danger in
conspiracy theories is that if you come too close to what really
happened, and you begin to publicize it on a blog or a YouTube channel,
what will invariably happen is they will go through back channels
release a little bit of the evidence related to 911 that disproves a
small portion of what you said. The evidence will be overwhelming and
all reasonable people will accept it, because it is evidence, and they
are the only ones with the evidence, and by cracking even a small part
of your story they crack the whole story. People are preconditioned to
believe authority. It negates confrontation. Most people are afraid of
confrontation. This is how the powers-that-be win time and time again.
There are too many stupid people who stand up and try to tell us what
they think happened. Nobody can say what happened on 911. If there was
radioactive material on the rubble why don't we know about it? If there
was a chemical signature that could be attributed to a certain type of
high-end non-nuclear explosive that could be traced back to a specific
laboratory of production, why don't we know about it? We don't know
about it because no investigation was done. That's all you need to know
about 911. There is no conspiracy theory. They are indirectly telling
you the truth: *We demolished these two towers and Building Seven. What
the hell are you going to do about it?* The answer of course is nothing.
We did nothing about it then, and we've done noting about it since, and
they've grown bolder and bolder. Bullies don't stop unless they're
stopped.

The complicity of the mainstream media cannot be dismissed. What
happened to investigative reporting? Except for a few intrepid
freelancers who can barely make a living, there is no more reporting in
the world. It's all public relations now. All opinion on large events is
basically trickle-down information from the Council on Foreign Relations
in the United States, who themselves are controlled by the Committee of
Three Hundred. All of the media in the United States has been
concentrated in a few hands, and they're working for people who choose
to remain anonymous. There is no conspiracy theory. You are led by
demonic forces. You are being led by ritual Satanists and Luciferians.
It isn't a conspiracy. They're pretty much telling you all the time.
You're just not paying attention.

Conspiracy theory is just a public pretense that we still have freedom.
It's as much of a cognitive dissonance as the people who pretend nothing
happened out of the ordinary on 911. Both polarities: the people who put
their head in the sand, and the people who try to dig into the details
to come up with a conspiracy theory of what happened on 911, are both
suffering from the same cognitive dissonance, the same inability to
address the truth that has manifest right in front of your eyes. You
have no freedom. You can be killed at anytime. You are dispensable human
collateral in a larger agenda. The world is run by ritual Satanists and
Luciferians. We had a simple binary decision, a simple Boolean decision
to make in the weeks and months after 911, tolerate this abuse or stand
up to it. We folded. We chose our comfortable daydream in the first
world, and, as the poet William Butler Yeats put it in *The Second
Coming*.

> Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold;\
> Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world,\
> The blood-dimmed tide is loosed, and everywhere\
> The ceremony of innocence is drowned;\
> The best lack all conviction, while the worst\
> Are full of passionate intensity.

Belial
======

Pedophilia is epidemic in the First World. It is hands down the biggest
occult story in the world. It's too big to contain. That's why it keeps
rearing its head. Every time it does it gets knocked back down like a
*whack a mole* game at the country fair by our complicit news media.
They are the white noise in our societies, the cover-up artists, the
getaway car. They are despicable. The public is convinced each time it's
a conspiracy theory — that old axiom again, *conspiracy theory* — and
the whole thing is played as ridiculous.

Here's the New York Times [^21] in top form, leading the charge against
Pizzagate, a Satanic child sex and snuff ring run out of Washington DC.

> In the span of a few weeks, a false rumor that Hillary Clinton and her
> top aides were involved in various crimes snowballed into a wild
> conspiracy theory that they were running a child-trafficking ring out
> of a Washington pizza parlor. The fast evolution of the false theory
> revealed how a powerful mix of fake news and social media led an armed
> North Carolina man to investigate the rumors about the pizza place,
> Comet Ping Pong, last Sunday.

The unimpeachable New York Times even showed their work, like a grade
eight math assignment.

1.  WikiLeaks began releasing emails hacked from the account of John
    Podesta, Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, a month before the
    election.

2.  Social media users on a popular Reddit forum dedicated to Donald J.
    Trump and 4chan’s far-right fringe message board searched the
    releases for evidence of wrongdoing.

3.  Within the emails were discussions that include the word pizza,
    including dinner plans between Mr. Podesta and his lobbyist brother,
    Tony Podesta.

4.  A participant on 4chan connected the phrase “cheese pizza” to
    pedophiles, who on chat boards use the initials “c.p.” to denote
    child pornography.

5.  Following the use of “pizza,” theorists focused on the Washington
    pizza restaurant Comet Ping Pong. The WikiLeaks emails revealed that
    John Podesta corresponded with Comet’s owner, James Alefantis, who
    had connections to Democratic operatives.

6.  The theory started snowballing, taking on the meme \#PizzaGate. Fake
    news articles emerged and were spread on Twitter and Facebook.

7.  The false stories swept up neighboring businesses and bands that had
    played at Comet. Theories about kill rooms, underground tunnels,
    satanism and even cannibalism emerged in fabricated stories and on
    social media.

8.  On Dec. 4, Edgar M. Welch, a 28-year-old from North Carolina,
    arrived at Comet with a military-style rifle and a handgun. The
    police said he fired the rifle inside the pizzeria, hurting no one,
    and surrendered after finding no evidence to support claims of child
    slaves being held there.

9.  The shooting did not put the theory to rest. Purveyors of the theory
    and fake news pointed to the mainstream media as conspirators of a
    coverup to protect what they said was a crime ring.

This is the role the media plays, aside from direct participation that
is, as many senior broadcasters and Hollywood figures are pedophiles
themselves, they obfuscate, confuse, confound, and ridicule the accuser,
and it's not just in the United States. Everybody is in on it. The
British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC), the Canadian Broadcasting
Corporation (CBC), and the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC),
though, to their credit, ABC in Australia has done some good work on
pedophilia among high ranking people in Australia. This is not to say
that every editor and reporter in print and broadcast is read in on the
truth of occult pedophilia, far from it. It works the same way 911 did.
This is why I place the Babylonian money system at the top of the
magical pyramid. It's through this money system that everything is held
in place, whether it be the rampant global pedophilia or the nonsensical
911 story. Everybody just wants their status, their job, their salary,
their vacations, the benefits afforded their children, and, of course,
the precious pensions. And all of it can be turned off like a light
switch with the money system. God help us all if these ghouls get their
digital currency.

These people are the agents of Belial, as Milton described him in
*Paradise Lost*.

> Belial came last, then whom a Spirit more lewd\
> Fell not from Heaven, or more gross to love\
> Vice for it self: To him no Temple stood\
> Or Altar smoak'd; yet who more oft then hee\
> In Temples and at Altars, when the Priest\
> Turns Atheist, as did Ely's Sons, who fill'd\
> With lust and violence the house of God.\
> In Courts and Palaces he also Reigns\
> And in luxurious Cities, where the noyse\
> Of riot ascends above thir loftiest Towrs,\
> And injury and outrage: And when Night\
> Darkens the Streets, then wander forth the Sons\
> Of Belial, flown with insolence and wine.

Remember, I am not advocating a literal reading of Christian doctrine,
rather, I am simply using the consciousness template Milton gave in
*Paradise Lost* to show you how these forces are still in play. The
truth of the situation, as I will repeat too many times to forget in
this book, is that the demonic hierarchies are a dysphemism, warning
signs not to go into this material and look at it too closely. The truth
is these *demons* represent the commerce between negative
extraterrestrials and their human familiars. The truth is so well hidden
many in the web of cults participating in ritual child sacrifice and
pedophilia believe they are practicing a Satanic-Luciferian religion.
Why wouldn't they? The gifts of status and prestige are bestowed upon
them in the world. The demons/extraterrestrials hold their end of the
bargain from the fourth dimension, where they can see more of our time
and circumstance than we can as human beings, and they reward those who
provide them what they want, which is human blood and the exquisite
astral energy of human pain, which is like a fine red wine to them. This
is the simple truth of it. With that said, it's really quite remarkable
how much of this Milton understood. I truly believe the agents of the
divine guided his poem at that crossroads in the human story, the time
of the plague, the time of the great fire of London, the time of The
Worshipful Fuellers. The Encyclopedia Britannica gives the following
definition for Belial.[^22]

> Belial, fictional character, a fallen angel in John Milton’s Paradise
> Lost (in 10 books, 1667; in 12 books, 1674) who tries to persuade the
> others to be more discreet so that their unacceptable behaviour is
> less conspicuous. The Hebrew word Belial, apparently with the literal
> meaning “worthlessness,” was used in Old Testament epithets for the
> wicked and impious, such as the “sons of Belial.” In later traditions
> it was taken as a proper name, a byname for Satan.

This is why I place the media and mass communication in the role of
Belial as Milton cast him. They are constantly covering up for the
heinous actions of Mammon and Moloch. What the New York Times did with
Pizzagate is disgraceful. The BBC in London is the worst. The
Satanic-Luciferian culture is deeply entrenched in London. It goes back
a few centuries. Masonry is deep esoteric science. It sprang from and
commingles with Talmudic-Kabbalists, Solomon, the Signet magic, demonic
callings — and here you can just place interdimensional communication
and extraterrestrials. John Edmonds and Bruce MacDonald had it
absolutely correct in their book, *Stardust Ranch*.

> It's important also to note at this point that the word
> extraterrestrial, by the etymology alone, encompasses everything not
> of the earth that engages with human beings as individuated forms. Not
> many people consider how that includes all of the angels and demons
> and all of the gods that are populated in our religions. The actual
> creator of this transdimensional reality is not an individuated form
> as we understand beings and entities. The attribution of human
> qualities to the angels cannot be overlooked. They are
> extraterrestrial. They are not of the earth but they are individuated
> beings. They even have names, like the Archangel Michael and the
> Archangel Gabriel. Even the gods we worship have names.

My story is about the other names — Mammon, Moloch, and Belial — the
names we have forgotten even though they're whispered to our unconscious
mind every day through the logos and the symbolism all around us. It's
important to realize the obvious. Everything done with intent is
intentional. It is most definitely intentional that the broadcasters and
newspapers misdirect, cover-up, and deceive. Here's an incomplete list
of the *special operations* conducted in Britain to investigate child
sexual abuse, police complicity, government complicity, intelligence
complicity, and connections to the British Royal Family: Operation
Grange, Operation Middleton, Operation Hydrant, Operation Fernbridge,
Operation Millband, Operation Yewtree, Operation Ore, Operation Yvonne,
Operation Fairbank, Operation Ravine, Operation Notarise, Operation
Conifer, Operation Cathedral, Operation Midland, Operaton Malswick,
Operation Spa

Let's take a look at the first one.

> Operation Grange is an investigative review by London's Metropolitan
> Police Service into the circumstances of the disappearance of
> Madeleine McCann. The operation, conducted by the Homicide & Serious
> Crime Command, was initially led by Detective Chief Inspector Andrew
> Redwood, supported by a further twenty-eight detectives and seven
> other staff. In December 2014, the case was handed over to Detective
> Chief Inspector Nicola Wall. The review is overseen by the Gold Group
> management structure. The cost of the operation, which has been funded
> out of a special fund, has amounted to several million pounds. The
> review was launched in May 2011 following a request to Scotland Yard
> from Home Secretary Theresa May, with the support of the Prime
> Minister David Cameron. The issue of whether this request was the
> result of "threats" or "persuasion" from Rebekah Brooks was one of the
> issues raised at the Leveson Inquiry.[^23]

This is an excellent example because it illustrates the international
aspect of the child rape, torture, and murder. The Podesta brothers are
most certainly initiates in the Satanic-Luciferian cult. Now here's the
story. The Podesta brothers were alleged to be in Portugal at the time
of the murder. They were friends with Sir Clement Freud. I'll let the
news introduce him. Here's the lead from a piece *The Telegraph*[^24] in
London printed on the fifteenth of June, 2016.

> Sylvia Woosley was a lonely 10-year-old desperately missing her absent
> father when a 24-year-old Clement Freud came into her life.

> After being introduced to him at a house party thrown by her mother,
> she was thrilled when he began paying her attention, arranging to take
> her on trips to the beach and filling the vacuum her father had left.

> “I was overcome by his warmth, by his love, by his caring, by his
> generosity,” she recalled. “I felt ‘here’s someone who cares for me’.”

> In fact, Freud’s behaviour was what we now know as grooming, and it
> was followed by decades of abuse of Sylvia and at least one other
> girl, which included violent rape.

After his death in 2009, Sir Clement Freud, a massively connected man in
London, had an undeniable backstory slip out in exactly the same manner
as Jimmy Savile. Freud was a child rapist, a lifelong abuser and
pedophile. Another monster revealed, but just barely, as child rape is
the tip of the iceberg in the black magic world Freud comes from. It
gets unspeakably dark.

Here's his basic biography. [^25]

Like his countryman, Jimmy Savile, he was plugged into British society
at the highest levels.

> Sir Clement Raphael Freud (24 April 1924 – 15 April 2009) was a
> British broadcaster, writer, politician and chef. The grandson of
> Sigmund Freud and brother of Lucian Freud, he moved to the United
> Kingdom from Germany as a child and later worked as a prominent chef
> and food writer before becoming known to a wider audience as a
> television and radio personality. He was elected as a Liberal Member
> of Parliament in 1973, retaining his seat until 1987, when he received
> a knighthood.

The Podesta brothers are *alleged* to have been in Portugal at the same
time as the McCanns, and at the very same resort town as the McCanns.
That's why the police renderings of the suspects match the Podesta
brothers. However, don't run to conclusions. The Podesta brothers may
have been leveraged by the investigation as a warning, a way of keeping
them in line. You really never know for sure. With all that said, they
are Satanic child rapists and murderers. A quick look at their art
collection confirms that for me.

Their friend, Sir Clement Freud, had a beautiful vacation villa there.
It was only about seven hundred meters from the hotel at which the
McCanns were staying. Small world. In the days after three year old
Madeleine's disappearance, Sir Clement reached out to the grieving
parents. Remember, this happened in 2007. Sir Clement died in 2009. The
McCanns accepted his invitation to dine with him at his villa. Remember
also, his reputation was not besmirched until after his death. People
like Freud and Savile are untouchable while they're alive. They are
protected by police, intelligence organizations like MI6, politicians,
and finally judges, if the early safety nets fail and they end up in
court.

Yes, it goes that deep. I sometimes think people just don't want to
believe this due to the inconvenience it causes them. It certainly can't
be for lack of information. It's everywhere. You'd have to be walking
around with your eyes down all the time not to see it now. The media
does an efficient job of quashing regional and national accusations,
like the American mainstream media throwing water on the Pizzagate fire.
The New York Times and Rolling Stone led the charge against the
conspirators. What you'll notice about these media spins is how poorly
they quash the idea. Neither the New York Times nor Rolling Stone really
explained what the coded language was in the hacked Podesta emails
produced by Wikileaks. They simply state conspiracy theorists assert the
language — hot dog, pizza, walnut, and others — maps to forms of child
sex abuse. Okay, fair enough, then why with multiple investigative
reporters assigned to the byline in the New York Times do they not
explain what the language means? No rational reader of those emails
could conclude the oft repeated words were not being used as code for
something. So if not child sex abuse, pedophilia, and murder, then what?
I guess the New York Times did not feel their reporters needed to answer
that question. After all, how much time were they actually going to
spend on this nonsense? And isn't the fact that the New York Times, one
of the oldest and most respected daily print newspapers in the world,
even having to waste time on this a waste of valuable resources to begin
with. Gosh darn it all, that pesky Internet rumor mill populated by
unemployed amateur sleuths has to be corrected by the *establishment*
media. Sure, we get it. So where's the rebuttal? There isn't one. The
sum total of any one these mainstream pieces is, *you don't actually
believe this, do you?*

Once again, people don't want to believe it, so why can't these serious
and established media outlets actually debunk it? Because it's true. And
why would an editor sitting around a team meeting with desk reporters at
the New York Times not suggest something like this organized pedophilia
and Satanism story keeps popping up in North America and Europe; why
don't we do a comprehensive piece on UK allegations, Australian
allegations, Canadian allegations, and hey, just for good measure, why
don't we also take a look at this Dutroux case in Belgium. They never
do. They're not interested in solving anything.

The media is controlled from the top down. If the people who control the
media, even state owned media like the BBC and CBC, don't want it told
then it's not going to get told. I'm certainly not talking about a
conspiracy that wide. All control is done through compartmentalization.
It's the military model. The desk reporters would get very tight
marching orders on how to investigate and report on a story like
Pizzagate. Like I keep saying, Mammon — the money and finance system —
runs the whole show. Moloch and Belial work under Mammon.

Most of this stuff goes on and is allowed to go on for the same reason
we have not called out 911, because people are afraid of losing their
jobs, their societal status, their pensions, their medical and dental
benefits, and, quite possibly, severe civil litigation liabilities from
the parties accused. Who wants to take all that on? And for what? A
conspiracy theory? There's an international child trafficking ring among
the world's elite who belong to blood cults? No, most people are going
to shut up that voice in their head, go home, eat some ice cream, and
watch some HBO. I don't blame them, really. It's a shit show.

I'm going to tell you how deep and dark this goes. I'm going to do it
very quickly, like pulling a bandage off. I have no inside knowledge of
this case. I don't know any of these people or people who know them. I'm
speaking from my understanding of this cult, what they are seeking to
do, and in what they take satisfaction.

When the McCanns went to Freud's for a meal, they were probably served
their own child, her flesh as meat put into a gourmet dish by Sir
Clement, who had published books on cooking. Why do I say this? A
seasoned child rapist and Satanist like Freud would be committed to
defilement. Remember, the Satanist likes to defile human beings, and
when you know what this particular sect of black magic does in
observance to its lord, then it's pretty easy to figure out. Freud
lacked the basic human empathy to comfort the McCanns, which leaves the
question: why would a seasoned child rapist reach out to the parents of
a recently raped and murdered child?

It's as I told you. Consuming the victim is a sacrament in the black
arts associated with the deep Satanic cults. Cannibalism is a part of
it. Tricking the parents into dining on their own child's flesh is part
of the thrill of defilement. This is of course assuming the McCanns were
not in on it, and there's no way to know if their child was abducted or
they sold Madeleine to these cult members, either for money, favor, or
position in this Satanic underworld.

I'm truly sorry I have to tell you these things, but we are way past the
point where you can be molly-coddled. People need to know they are
living in a system that is nearly completely Satanic. As I have said
already in this story, the left hand path is never really going to go
away. If they can't steal our children and infiltrate our security,
intelligence, financial, educational, medical, and legal systems, then
they'll go back to what they used to do, what the McCanns might have
done, sacrifice their own children. It then really becomes an exercise
of their own free will. It's horrible, yes, but it's always been here
and it might never go away. What Bruce and I are trying to do in this
story is let you know the degree to which it has infiltrated your
systems.

These black arts are super charged now. Remember, all of this is a
dysphemism. You may ask yourself, how could such contempt, such
defilement of humanity arise in a fellow human being? They do not regard
themselves as human. They are not of our race, the human race. They have
bonded with extraterrestrials, made alliances and deals. You think this
is nuts? What race did King Solomon make a deal with? What built the
Temple of Solomon? They say demons. I'm telling you it's a dysphemism.
This is humanity's most pronounced *recent* contact with
extraterrestrials. It's been right there in front of us the whole time.

Think of what these once human beings are doing as a gang initiation,
except the gang is another race, and to prove loyalty to them you must
prove your loyalties do not rest with humanity. All of the feeling,
empathy, and collaboration of being human is voided. That's how to
explain people like Sir Clement Freud. Whether the Podesta brothers
raped and killed that poor little girl in Portugal is pure speculation.
Only a moron — and the list of morons includes the New York Times and
Rolling Stone — would defend the idea that child sex and murder rings in
Washington are a conspiracy theory.

The ugly child sex and snuff story reared its head in Belgium through
the Marc Dutroux case. Dutroux was a pedophile and child murderer, the
Belgian Jimmy Savile, if you will, but not quite as prolific as Savile.
Both men share a connection the the elites of their society, money
elites and political elites, and, in the case of Savile, connections to
royalty.

What started out as a normal serial killer investigation in Belgium
morphed into a conspiracy that remains unresolved to this day, just as
the British royals remain scathed but officially not implicated in the
Savile child rape and murder network. As these connections to a high
placed ring of pedophiles emerged in the Dutroux case, the original
judge and the original police investigation team were replaced.
Survivors of Dutroux were intimidated and discredited by the new police
investigators. They were dismissed as delusional and drunk on the
attention and notoriety being associated with the case gave them. It was
extremely disheartening, and a replay of the abuse they had received at
the hands of Dutroux, this time the Belgian justice system playing the
role of abuser. All in all some twenty witnesses who could have
corroborated the claims of a high level pedophile ring mysteriously
died, usually by violence, while the case snaked through the Belgian
justice system. To its credit, the Belgian media wasn't as servile as
the American media in its treatment of the case. Belgian society was
brought to the brink of revolution.

While on the topic of serial killers and well connected child rapists
and murderers, Tony Podesta had a statue in his apartment of a man in
the same excruciating position one of Jeffrey Dahmer's victims. The
brothers also had a lot of paintings of children in bathing suits. Often
the children would be in a tiled room, like an empty swimming pool or
large Russian bath house. The tile of course is easy to clean and wash
blood off. The same is true of Jeffrey Epstein, a prolific child rapist
and murderer, procurer for the decadent elites who frequented his
ranches and island resort.

Epstein is alleged to have been deeply connected to the CIA and Mossad,
which are practically the same organization from an information and
proclivities perspective. Epstein was alleged to be a *honey pot*, which
is a term used in intelligence whereby influential people are
compromised, in this case photographed and video taped having sex with
children, or perhaps even murdering children. Epstein was a friend to
everybody of importance, the envy of every social ladder climbing pimp
who ever lived, and a watermark for the corruption within Washington and
Hollywood. And of course, there was no follow-up, no connecting
Pizzagate and Epstein, and certainly no much needed editorial meeting at
the unimpeachable New York Times or Rolling Stone. Funny how that works.
Such vigorous defense of the *nonsense* of Pizzagate, the simple-minded
buffoons who propagated it, the complicity of the *liberated* and *do as
thou wilt* personal media studios provided by YouTube and WordPress —
you see? We told you. Leave journalism to the professionals. Otherwise
people show up with long arms at a pizza shop in Washington — yet they
refuse to do their jobs, frightened off by phone calls from the
solicitors at Buckingham Palace and other places of high importance
around the world and home in the United States as well — pensions,
salaries, medical and dental, little league fees, and those little
extras the spouse likes; that's all it takes to buy silence on demonic
activities. It's a shit show.

It's important to understand the forces behind these acts. Pedophilia is
an access point for extraterrestrials to harvest the energy of children.
The extraterrestrial possesses the rapist from the astral plane, shields
the rapist from the emotions associated with the act, which a normal
human being would be repulsed by, and then takes the energy. I know this
sounds absurd, but I assure you it's true. In the ritual Satanic abuse
circles the victims are tortured to death. The pain generated is the
energy sought on the other side. There are many levels to it. Those
abused as children often go on to become abusers. They become the
scapegoats, the low hanging fruit for the impotent law services. They
are not part of the occult dimension of pedophilia. They are true
victims, used and discarded by occultists — if not killed — in a manner
that would make animal harvesting in commercial meat operations look
humane.

As for the occult pedophilia, we have to go back to the definition of
extraterrestrial. It can be any non-corporeal being acting through the
corpus and sharing the consciousness space of the living being. The
greatest disservice done to the notion of possession is done by the
clergy. They misrepresent it, as in *The Exorcist*, written by William
Peter Blatty — both the book and screenplay — and directed by William
Friedkin. It's much more subtle than that.

I have to clarify. The devil is real. I'll talk more about that in the
Palo Mayombe chapter. Evils spirits are real. The reason I characterize
it as extraterrestrial is because when you get beyond this layer, the
spiritual aspects of the lower fourth dimension, you can see that
extraterrestrials run all of it. They orchestrate the possessions, the
hauntings, the poltergeists, and things of this nature. These dubious
controllers, the men in black fedoras and black suits, who I was
psychically introduced to when I sat down with the CIA ghoul in the
Philippines, run the whole show. They work with other extraterrestrial
races that are here for energy commerce, and they work with and control
the disincarnate human beings caught in these spectral realms.

When an institution like the Catholic Church does exorcisms they like to
point out that the *demons* despise the church. Why would that be? The
church is part of the diabolical triumvirate of Washington DC, London
City, and Rome, the three of them representing the seat of power for the
Satanic-Luciferian kingdom on earth, with Jerusalem poised to
consolidate the power in one center per the biblical stratagem, which
devotees call prophecy. So why would a demonic force hate the church?
Possibly because it's a disincarnate spirit that was tortured and
maligned by the church in the past, and the heavy karma of the situation
prevents the spirit from moving on, preferring to stay and seek
vengeance or redress upon those responsible for the pain. Nothing is as
simple and one dimensional as it appears.

The influence of Belial extends far beyond the media. It's in academe,
literature, and art. The defiler works to corrode the attributes of the
creator and his creation, innocence, beauty, harmony, and grace.
Consider a human race that could develop the modern theory of music, the
scales, the instruments, wind, string, and piano, and consider modern
music, which has degenerated to non-stop sex and violence, whether it be
pop music for suburban kids or gangster rap in the projects. From Mozart
to this. How did it happen? Hollywood and the music industry is the home
of Belial. The stories have been leaking out for years now about the
Satanic rituals and pedophilia there. They're true. Harvey Weinstein is
the tip of the iceberg, and the benign, prime-time version. It just gets
darker from there.

It's always been there. Disclosure has been a mandate of the other side
since the beginning. It's part of creational law. We are told in every
generation. Here's a poem by William Butler Yeats from 1889. titled,
*The Stolen Child*.

> Come away, O human child!\
> To the waters and the wild\
> With a faery, hand in hand,\
> For the world's more full of weeping than you can understand.

The poem is about a child being seduced to leave the world with faeries.
In university curriculum it's taught as a warning about the dangers of
the occult. It's about child sacrifice, in my opinion. The faeries are
an *otherwordly* race, rarely seen by humans, and more associated with
elemental beings. Why do I say it's probably about child sacrifice?
Yeats was fascinated with the occult, despite his caution to others
about the dangers of the occult. He was a member of the Order of the
Golden Dawn, an occult order heavily influenced by the Rosicrucians, the
Kabbalah, and Freemasonry, the same pond of occult fishing that
commenced institutional Satanism. Here's a basic description.[^26]

> The Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn (Latin: Ordo Hermeticus Aurorae
> Aureae; or, more commonly, the Golden Dawn (Aurora Aurea) was a secret
> society devoted to the study and practice of the occult, metaphysics,
> and paranormal activities during the late 19th and early 20th
> centuries. Known as a magical order, the Hermetic Order of the Golden
> Dawn was active in Great Britain and focused its practices on theurgy
> and spiritual development. Many present-day concepts of ritual and
> magic that are at the centre of contemporary traditions, such as Wicca
> and Thelema, were inspired by the Golden Dawn, which became one of the
> largest single influences on 20th-century Western occultism.

Aleister Crowley was also a member, though he took initiations in many
occult paths. Crowley is a much maligned figure. Most of it comes from
religious opinion, which, when you understand what's going on in
religions, doesn't carry a lot of moral weight. The point here is that
what we are experiencing in our society is not new. Only the scale of
it, the institutionalization of it. Crowley lived at a time when magical
practices were more discussed. Spiritualism was more socially popular at
the turn of the eighteenth century. He cycled through a number of paths,
initiations, and courses of study. His magical biography is a compendium
of the available mystery schools at the time. Her also formed his own
religion/magical school called Thelema. Crowley was so inhuman his own
child died from neglect.

If these demons, as I am presenting them here — Mammon, Moloch, and
Belial, have always been here, then why can't we see them? Because we
have been spiritually robbed. We have been robbed of the basic
relationship between imagination and reality, and with it, we can't see
anything outside the senses and the mind. They've been hiding in plain
sight the whole time. Medieval European peasants could see them more
easily than we can in the modern world. Communities were more tightly
knit. Missing children raised alarms. Today they can disappear right in
front of us with the whole world watching, as was the case with
Madeleine McCann, and nobody sees anything, except those with the eyes
to see, those with the internal eye, with an understanding of what these
predators are, how they behave, stalk, apprehend, devour, and the scat
they leave behind. It's a nearly one-to-one match for tracking in the
bush. A master bush tracker can tell what has moved through the bush by
the ways the foliage and tree limbs are bent or broken. It's the same
thing with the Satanic predator. Once you know their paw prints, their
scent, their watering hole, you can see them any time you want. But can
we do anything about it?

What happened in World War II utterly changed the world. We came out of
that war tagged and chipped like polar bears being studied at the North
Pole. Everything you think is an organic evolution is a CIA, MI6
blueprint — music, literature, feminism, psychedelics like LSD —
everything. I'll choose one to make my point, literature. I've already
commented on the degeneracy of music in the twentieth century.

The Beat writers were a group of like-minded scribes of both poetry and
prose in the sixties. They were one of the more prominent groups to
define post-modernism in America and the world. Two of their chief
voices were Allen Ginsberg and William S Burroughs. Ginsberg is best
known for his long poem, *Howl*, Burroughs for his novel, *Naked Lunch*.

Both men were well traveled, prolific drug users, and pedophiles.
Ginsberg professed a lifelong affinity for Buddhism — though it's
dubious if he made any real progress towards a higher consciousness or a
more giving and open heart — and Burroughs was fascinated by black magic
and Egyptian religion. It's interesting how the link between magic and
the attraction to prepubescent boys is made public through Burroughs.
That's how Belial rolls. He promotes the profane. Burroughs also
murdered his wife and got away with it. He claimed it was an accident.
He shot her with a revolver. Why he was married in the first place is as
much a curiosity as why he shot her. His predilection for homosexuality
and pedophilia was present throughout his life.

Here's part of a letter Burroughs wrote to Ginsberg and fellow Beat
writer, Jack Kerouac, in the mid-fifties while living in Tangiers.

> The Italian school is just opposite, and I stand for hours watching
> the boys with my 8-power field glasses. Curious feeling of projecting
> myself, like I was standing over there with the boys, invisible
> earthbound ghost, torn with disembodied lust. They wear shorts, and I
> can see the goose pimples on their legs in the chill of the morning,
> count the hairs. Did I ever tell you about the time Marv and I paid
> two Arab kids 60 cents to watch them screw each other—we demanded
> semen too, no half-assed screwing. So I asked Marv: ‘Do you think they
> will do it?’ and he says: ‘I think so. They are hungry.’ They did it.
> Made me feel sorta like a dirty old man…

Lovely fellow that Burroughs — *They are hungry*. Both *Howl* and *Naked
Lunch* were the subjects of court trials on obscenity. They were deemed
lawful. In many ways the Beats paved the way for the modern progressive
millennial and firmly wed Belial to the liberal side of the political
aisle. Of course, the right has Mammon. They share Moloch. The Democrats
and Republicans are equally comfortable at Bohemian Grove, and yes,
Bohemian does derive etymologically from Jacob Boehme, the German
philosopher, Christian mystic, and Lutheran Protestant theologian, who I
quoted in an earlier chapter.

> It is not to be thought that the life of darkness is sunk in misery
> and lost as if in sorrowing. There is no sorrowing. For sorrow is a
> thing that is swallowed up in death, and death and dying are the very
> life of the darkness.

Now I'm going to explain something to you. It's something no university
professor, sociologist, psychiatrist, or clergy can explain to you. My
unique life path and oscillation between light and dark has given me
unique insights. Certainly others have them. The high servants of
Mammon, Moloch, and Belial know what I am about to say, but because
their worlds are occulted from the unwashed masses, except for rare
expressions in writers like Burroughs — because it's art, don't you know
— they will never directly tell you. When mass death occurs the whole
world is affected. Door are opened. Human spirits leave their mortal
shells. There's a resonant stickiness to any scene of extreme violence.
Ask any homicide detective if you doubt what I'm saying. Massive violent
death, like the world wars, open big doors. Things leave and things come
in. That's right. Things come in. The transformation of American society
after World War II was not an organic evolution, not a new age. It
became and still is a post-mortem society, not a post-modern society.
The poetry of their predecessors, the moderns, was largely an attempt to
deal with World War I. Here's TS Eliot's *The Hollow Men*, written in
1925.

> We are the hollow men\
> We are the stuffed men\
> Leaning together\
> Headpiece filled with straw. Alas!\
> Our dried voices, when\
> We whisper together\
> Are quiet and meaningless\
> As wind in dry grass\
> or rats' feet over broken glass\
> In our dry cellar

That was Eliot's attempt to encapsulate post World War I Europe and
America. By the end of the Second World War there was no more
reflection, no more attempt to mediate with the values, aesthetics, and
morality at the root of Western culture. Art was now paying a pittance
to starving Arab boys to have sex for the amusement of depraved
Americans. From literature it moved to music. We had the he/she artist
of the seventies. Is it a man or a woman? David Bowie, Elton John,
Freddy Mercury, one after the other, driving home this drug fueled
sexual dysphoria. The eighties then bring us the whore-queen, Madonna
and the many minions that followed her. That was for the heterosexuals
who wouldn't engage the outrageous sexual dysphoria of the he/she
artists in the seventies. Pornography, truly believed to be an art form
by the early pioneers in the seventies, has now become a mainstay in our
culture, using more global bandwidth on the Internet than anything else.
Long gone is the *filmed* pseudo-erotica of the seventies. It's
basically rape, gang rape, mock incest, and humiliation shot on video
now. Belial is the most subtle of the three demons. He's art,
psychiatry, literature, advertising, public relations, speech writing,
and anything else that helps cover up the horror of it all. The genius
of Belial is that by avoiding the reality of evil, even admitting such a
thing exists, the natural slowly becomes preternatural.

The Pleiadians
==============

Intense pressure was put on me to rejoin the navy after 911. All the
team guys were getting called back up. Pete the Pirate got called back
up. He kept pressuring me to come back. I told him about my two back
operations. He said it didn't matter. Everyone I knew was going back. It
was a cash cow. But my son was in the world, my first, and just recently
born, and I was transfixed by him, by the love of him, by the duty of
him, by the responsibility of him. I said no to reenlisting.

For team guys, and when I say *team guys* I mean elite soldiers, that
shit show in New York, Washington, and Pennsylvania was cash work. I
understand. I did my share of *work* too. It's the only part of this
story I've skipped over. The Richard Kane story is the tip of the
iceberg, the end of a kind of living for me. I told it so you would
understand what really goes on in the high-level contracting world. To
my brothers in the teams, both active and retired, I need to say it's
not good that we look the other way on moral righteousness. We can all
add our names and our class or profession — elite operators — to the
long list of people who did nothing, the professionals who knew,
architects, structural engineers, the silent mass of people who sat by
an said nothing, shame on us.

Every profession in the world has a dark side. Ours in the elite
operator class is taking blood money for blood work, and 911 was blood
money for blood work. As a profession, we lose our center when we do
this, and we loose anarchy in our own hearts and minds, and one day or
night we find ourselves alone, a firearm in our mouths. Some of us pull
the trigger. Some of us don't. I did. The pistol malfunctioned. I took
it apart afterwards. There was nothing wrong with it, but, when I wanted
to end my life, it didn't work. Life wasn't finished with me yet. What I
want to say to you, my bothers in arms, is *they* know what they're
doing with the blood work. They want to corrupt us. They want the pistol
in our mouths. We're witnesses, credible witnesses to at least the
footnotes of their diabolical nature. Sure, maybe you can trust a
witness to keep their mouth shut, after all, a complicit witness has
something to lose too, but we have something they don't have, a purer
heart. We couldn't do what we do without the energy of our hearts. They
don't use their hearts. Most of the taskmasters in the private
contracting world are into this Satanic underworld as well. That's why
they never end up with the pistol in their mouths.

I settled into being a dad, and I went to war with my son's mother. She
left him behind, abandoned both of us, and for some time I had to be a
mother and a father. My son opened my heart like a thousand prayers. I
settled into being a dad. I watched Pete the pirate go back into
service.

In this time, in the opening of my heart, I started going back to Mormon
services. I wanted to be right for my son. I wanted to be a good man,
but something kept tickling my serenity. It was like an itch I couldn't
scratch. The encounter with the CIA man in the Philippines left a
permanent curiosity in me. My consciousness had always been open. I was
no stranger to the other side. As told in this story, I had attended
exorcisms in the Mormon Church. I'd seen the things Father Malachi
Martin spoke about in *Hostage to the Devil*, his seminal work on
exorcism in the Catholic Church. The phenomenon he described was real.
I'd seen it myself, but something didn't add up. What were those
non-human beings I'd seen when my spirit spoke to me at the bar in the
Philippines? The men around the table, described as The Committee of
Three Hundred, were all real. I recognized many of them. George Bush
Senior was there. John McCain stood behind him at his seat. Everyone
sitting at the table had a *second* standing behind him, like an
understudy in a Royal Shakespeare Company production. What I saw, what
my spirit showed me in that bar in the Philippines was real. And those
strange non-human beings I saw were real — black hats and black suits. I
knew they weren't human. They were not of this world. They didn't
correlate to any spiritual phenomenon I had been taught in my religious
studies. They were extraterrestrial. As I mulled it over in my peaceful
time as father of a toddler, I instinctively knew they were not the men
in black spoken about in the exopolitics circles. My spirit kept telling
me the same thing — they are the controllers. My mind balked. The spirit
and the mind are in constant conflict in spiritual evolution. The mind
is the censor — that can't be right; that's crazy; people will think
you're crazy; be quiet. It fights the spirit at every step. In the
architecture of man, the mind is the devil and the spirit is the path to
the true self, the particle of the creator, the drop of water in the
ocean of love and mercy. In the literature on possession, both in the
Catholic and Mormon Churches, the invading spirit comes in through the
mind. It begins as an idea. This is brilliantly detailed in *Hostage to
the Devil*. So what were these controllers? They weren't possessing
spirits. They seemed an order of magnitude beyond them. They occupied
the power centers, The Committee of Three Hundred.

At this time in my life I was very disoriented. My time in the military
and my private contracting career had left spots on my soul. It was hard
to get light into my thinking and my perspective. There is an aspect of
the human composition that is like an internal tribunal. I suppose
that's a fancy way of saying conscience, but that seems too limited. The
conscience has always seemed like a mental faculty to me. Philosophy, of
which the Germans excelled, seems to be the thesis of the conscience, a
non-stop mental exercise on moral reasoning. This, at least to my
sensibilities, is wrong. The knowledge of right and wrong is like a
feeling, but that even seems to limit it. Feeling can be so many debased
things. It seems to me to be a direct dialogue with the soul, which has
no characteristics but its own being. In my cosmology to define the soul
it becomes a little like what they call negative space in sculpture,
which is the space not occupied by anything, the clay or marble taken
away from the sculpture. The soul, to me, is what exists when you take
away body and sense, emotion, memory, and the mind, the last being the
most difficult to move beyond, with the whole of Buddhist liturgy being
a negotiation with the mind, a pleading for the mind to let the pure
perception free, but it's a contradiction because pleading is a mental
activity. The soul is that it is. Descartes was wrong when he said, *I
think therefore I am*. To me it's more like, I am in spite of the fact
that I think.

I had bad dreams, bad moods, a million questions, and a lingering
clairvoyance that had been growing since my childhood, and which had
gone to graduate school when I met the CIA spook in the Philippines. I
could just see things. My inner life was crystal clear. My inner vision
was better than my eyesight. It's hard to describe. Some of you reading
this know exactly what I'm talking about. Others not so much. It might
be something that can only be experienced and not explained, but I'll
try my best. When I met people it's like I could see inside their heads.
I became a symbiant to their inner lives. I saw what it was like to be
them. I felt what it was like. And I could see things in their own
consciousness field which they thought was part of their thinking
process but was in actuality a leech of some sort. Some of them appeared
just as amorphous black forms like liquid smoke. Sometimes they were
dead human beings which had latched onto the person. Sometimes I saw the
controllers, black hats and suits. I started to get downloaded with
massive amounts of information. I made connections. The color black was
the control color for the planet. The black robes of judges and
barristers. The black suits and hats of Jesuits and rabbis, but they
very often didn't know themselves they were agents of the controllers.
When I saw the room in my inner vision at the bar in the Philippines,
the room that I was told was The Committee of Three Hundred, some of the
men in the room were aware of the controllers, but not all of them. I
later learned that the controllers ran the ritual culture, but the
participants thought they were in Satanic-Luciferian cults. The
controllers did this because they feed off our energy. The energy they
consume is always negative. The more negative the richer the energy for
them. This is not to say that there were not other non-physical entities
feeding at the rituals. There were. These I would call lower or negative
spirit forms. If you want to call them demonic then that's okay. I won't
agree or disagree. I don't know. The controllers could create a physical
circumstance and an inner circumstance. The ritual participants believed
they were going to other dimensions, but it was like the Star Trek
holodeck. The controllers could control the human consciousness
outwardly and inwardly. They literally ran the world. Everyone I met of
power and importance had these controllers around them.

They are the controllers. That's how they define themselves to me. The
only person who might know for sure was the spook I met at the bar, the
defacto interview for work deeper than Richard Kane. The interview was
as much with the controllers as it was with the CIA. The controllers run
the CIA. They run everything, but because of their ability to mask
themselves psychically, they are known by many forms — demons, Lucifer,
Satan, Baphomet, you name it. They even interact with and are
authoritative over the extraterrestrials. They come and go from the
earth. When they come in large numbers they enter through things like
power stations or water treatment plants. They move around the earth by
any kind of electricity or wave form generated by electricity — power
lines, radio waves, Wi-Fi, and things like this.

I ran a couple small businesses that brought in enough cash for all my
needs, but I like to keep busy. I'm not a relaxation type person. My
son's mother abandoned us. I had some domestic help to assist with my
son. I was living in California by the beach. I met a guy who needed
some help cleaning the underside of boats. A lot of stuff builds up on
the bottom of yachts and sailboats. So I went to work with this guy. I
learned something very important, something I'm going to share with you.
If you ever feel overwhelmed with negative emotions, under psychic
attack, or demonically bothered, go under water. I was underwater five
hours a day, oxygen tanks on my back, mask on my face, and sweet,
beautiful silence all around me. Negative psychic energy is blocked by
water, all water but especially lake or sea water, natural water. I
later learned that this is a spiritual truth. Maybe this was the
original reason for submerging people in water when baptized in some
Christian sects. I don't know, but water has healing properties, even if
only by blocking out negative psychic energies and presences. It got to
the point where I loved going under the water. After some time with the
fellow who got me started, I branched out on my own. I've always had
tremendous success in business. My boat cleaning operation was no
exception. I didn't steal wok for my former employer. I was just able to
find a whole bunch of new clients. The water has always been a special
place for me, going right back to my father teaching me how to scuba
dive in his apartment pool.

Time passed and I settled down a little bit. My thoughts and feelings
leveled out, thanks to healing property of the water. My curiosity did
not abate. I began to study a lot more about extraterrestrials. I wanted
to find out if anyone had experienced these controllers. When she worked
out her issues, my son's mother came back. I'm a little old fashioned. I
believe the mother is more important in the developmental years. A boy
needs his father, but all children need their mother, so she took our
son and I went to visitation. This freed me up quite a bit. I had plenty
of time to read and research. I went into esoteric Christianity. I read
the Gnostic bible and the Dead Sea Scrolls. I became friends with a
fellow who saw the first draft of the Dead Sea Scrolls. What made it to
the public was highly redacted. What you need to understand is that the
Bible is an extraterrestrial story. It has also become, from the Torah
to the Koran, a highly protected economy.

It's necessary to explain economy. It is the lost spiritual teaching. A
life is measured. It's measured in seconds, minutes, hours, days, weeks,
and years. It's measured in heartbeats. This is the true life clock, the
number of times your heart beats. It's measured in events — childhood,
puberty, school, career, marriage, children, grandchildren, and death.
Every moment of our life is defined by spiritual growth or decline. Our
attention is the barometer. What holds our attention? If the attention
is held by life then growth is achieved. If the attention is boxed into
a fabricated experience, television, for example, then we have lost that
time, and nothing has been accomplished. Human attention is the greatest
commodity in the spiritual economy we live within. If someone or
something can hold your attention, then they can alter you. This is the
principle of advertising, thirty or sixty seconds to plant an idea
combined with an emotion into your consciousness. You're not immune.
Nobody is immune. If it were not true that they could seed you in thirty
or sixty seconds they wouldn't spend a million dollars for thirty
seconds at Superbowl halftime and another million dollars on the
production of the Superbowl advertisement. So the real question is, what
is your time worth to you? I just told how much they're willing to spend
for your attention, but why don't you value your time that much?

When you live the kind of life I lived till that point in my life, and
when you tried to kill yourself but failed, all that matters is time. Is
there enough time to unravel the mystery of yourself? There has to be,
or the whole exercise of a human life is a cruel joke, a pointless snuff
film the Satanists celebrate in their rituals. Never be afraid of
breaking. What breaks wasn't worth anything anyway. Our true selves
cannot be broken. The soul cannot be broken. We are souls. We don't
*have* souls. We are souls. It's another curious affectation that we say
*my* soul, as though this scab personality, this ego would be given
possession of something as precious as a soul, so precious in fact that
supernatural beings like the devil would be a curator. Think about what
I'm telling you very carefully. You are precious. Corporations spend
money for sixty seconds of your attention. The devil wants your soul.

As I went through the Gnostic Bible and the Dead Sea Scrolls, I became
more curious about extraterrestrials. There was something profoundly
extraterrestrial about these so-called sacred texts. Being the man I
was, which was very direct, I went straight to the source. I started a
dialogue with a group of people who had surrounded Billy Meier. For
those of you who do not know, Billy Meier is one of the most famous
extraterrestrial contactees in the world. His story is the stuff of
legend in exopolitics circles. I'll briefly recap the highlights here.

Billy was chosen to be contacted by the Pleiadians. The contact started
when he was very young, around five years old. He was first contacted by
an older gentleman who became his first tutor. The contacts were not
everyday or every week or even every month. They would come into Billy's
life and teach him some things and then leave for a while as he went
through a developmental phase in a normal human life. The Pleiadians are
humans like us. They come from the Pleiades system. There are many races
of Pleiadians. Some do not look like us. Billy went on to live an
extraordinary Life as a young man. He traveled the Middle East and
various parts of the world and his Pleiadian contact introduced him to
many leaders of that time and place. If you want to know any more about
the basic Billy Meier story there are countless well done documentaries
on YouTube.

The point here is that the stated purpose of the contact was to return
to the human race on this planet the true teachings of creation. Billy
wrote a number of books under the general heading of *Contact Notes*. I
highly recommend you take a look at them. They are absolutely staggering
in their complexity and thoroughness and give a picture of creation and
the many layers to it that are similar to some of the spiritual
teachings on this planet but in my opinion much more complete. A human
being goes through many many lifetimes in the third dimension. We begin
in the mineral state and work out from there. A single soul can be down
here for billions of years. I know that sounds daunting, but I believe
it to be true. There are aspects of the Pleiadian creation teachings
that are scattered around the globe like the broken shards of a mirror
in various religions and spiritual teachings.

What makes Billy's case so unique is the evidence that he presented. The
audio recordings of Pleiadian ships and an endless array of pictures
which were taken with cameras available as far back as the sixties, a
time when faking a photo was much more difficult. But I'm not here to
sell you on the Billy Meier story. Suffice it to say, it's all true.
Billy is a contactee. The Pleiadians have been interacting with the
human race for millennia, and they have tried to help us.

The story gets really interesting when Billy Meier talks about Jesus,
who Billy calls by his name, Emmanuel. In documentary films, Billy says
simply that Mary was impregnated by an extraterrestrial. Billy is not a
stupid man. Quite the opposite. When I went to Switzerland and met him,
he was one of the brightest human beings I have engaged in my life. Like
so many things that Billy says, it needs to be thought about, long and
deep. The Biblical story has it that Mary was impregnated by an
archangel. There's no way Billy would say that Mary was impregnated by a
Pleiadian holy man, an Ishwish, without understanding the implications
of what he is saying. It's not religious post-modernism. Billy is a
farmer. He doesn't have that urbane sophistry. What Billy is saying is
that most of the Abrahamic scripture is a Pleiadian exercise. It is the
Pleiadian attempt to guide and direct the human race toward spiritual
growth. The Pleiadians also had a hand in Muhammad and the Koran. Again,
in that religious story, we are told about the Archangel dictating the
Koran to Muhammad. It's also true for the Torah Prophets. The entire
Abrahamic tradition is an extraterrestrial story. I don't know why this
is so hard for people to understand. Even having been raised Mormon it
was extremely comforting for me to sit with Billy and hear these things.
It put a lot of things in place in my mind. More importantly, it does
not diminish the value of the Abrahamic teachings in any way shape or
form. In fact, it enriches them, explains them, and demystifies them for
me. Why do people have such a difficult time with the idea that the
human race is part of a galactic family?

It was in Switzerland that I heard the story about Emmanuel. He really
existed. He really is the product of an otherworldly origin. He really
did say the things that were said. He really was all about love. He
really was sent into the world as a great teacher. That's where the
story ends. Jesus was not crucified. He was nailed to a y shaped tree.
After four hours his friends came and took him down. He had been
severely beaten and almost killed. The Romans had nothing to do with it.
He was done in by the Sadducees and the Pharisees. It was an internal
conflict within the Hebrew world. He spoke Aramaic. However, that was
not the language used for the Gospels. He was healed by three men from
India. The healing took place inside the tomb. On the third day, he left
the tomb, gathered up his wife and four sons, and got out of Jerusalem
never to return. He died in Turkey. His bloodline really does continue
to this day by his four sons. The bloodline in the real story is known
by Israel, and any one of the bloodline is pulled from tragedy. The Man
David took out of California would have died in prison as a pedophile.
David got him to Heathrow. Everything David told me in the hotel room in
the Philippines was true. I heard the exact same story of Christ from
Billy Meier and his people in Switzerland. It was a lot for a Mormon to
take in, and I was no longer a Mormon when I left Switzerland.

People lose their mind when they find out that the Abrahamic teachings
and the prophetic lineage is part of an extraterrestrial communication
with the human race on planet earth. It's unfortunate that are so
close-minded. I spent a fair bit of time with Billy in the Pleiadian
group in Switzerland. Was a beautiful little spot on this planet. It's
like there's a bubble over the whole Farm, a protective bubble. You can
really relax and unwind when you go to Billy Myers Farm in Switzerland.
The Pleiadians don't openly interact with all members of the group. Once
you understand that these spiritual teachings, the Abrahamic teachings,
are related to an extraterrestrial race which by some form of
responsibility in our universe has been assigned to us, the whole
concept of extraterrestrials takes on new meaning. What do the profits
of the Abrahamic teachings mean when they refer to Satan? If the Angelic
order is the Pleiadians, then what is the demonic hierarchy? It's a
collective of other races, negative races. The human race is now and has
been for a long time a proxy war between extraterrestrial races.

Then who are what are they referring to when they speak about Satan? The
whole thing takes on a new dimension, multiple New Dimensions, when it
becomes extraterrestrial. Bruce MacDonald and John Edmonds touched upon
some of the ideas that are necessary to understand this phenomenon in
their book, Stardust Ranch: the incredible true story. Extraterrestrials
are more evolved forms of sentient life if they have achieved space
travel and if they can visit us and interact with us here on planet
Earth. What is a more evolved life form? The first characteristic of a
more evolved life form is comprehension of multiple dimensions of
reality. These extraterrestrials can communicate with both the living
and the dead. Their particular form of evolution allows them to connect
with both physical life-forms alive on the planet and deceased human
beings in the afterlife. They can also communicate with the living
through telepathy, or by direct consciousness connection. It's our
consciousness that survives death. The various spiritual teachings on
the planet explain this ad nausea. The human race is not going to have
any peace until it realizes that it is a multi-dimensional being. The
idea of a single human life of eighty years and then an eternal darkness
or an eternal heaven in death is the most absurd concept in our reality.
It's the cause of a tremendous amount of pain, ignorance, and suffering
we bring upon ourselves. However, It's a normal phase in the growth
cycle of a developing species. Most spiritual teachings on the planet
know about the extraterrestrials. The more evolved teachings definitely
do. I simply do not understand why the human beings on this planet have
such a difficult time accepting this. It's really quite astounding when
you realize that the creation myths and most of the native lore do
Encompass the extraterrestrial phenomenon, but the modern scientific man
can't bridge the two things.

The Pleiadians are not gods. No extraterrestrial race are gods. They
have claimed to be gods. In fact, there is no god as it is understood by
many of the people on the planet now. There is no individuated being
that we could name that could be called god. It's a childish fantasy
that the human race has not outgrown. If you look at the record of the
Abrahamic teachings, they are at war with each other. The Jews hate the
Christians, regarding Christ himself as an apostate to the original
Jewish teachings, or, more realistically, shutting down the cash
business of the Sadducees and Pharisees through temple taxes. The
Christians don't really get along with the Muslims, and the Muslims
definitely do not like the Jews. Doesn't sound too much like the work of
a perfect people does it? The Pleiadians are just another race in our
universe who have tried to help us. They did the best they could.
Creation itself is the manifestation of what we would call God. The
creator is a non-individuated life force that is conscious. The god
narrative comes from the Pleiadians. It's non-violent energy harvesting,
same as the dark extraterrestrials but different rituals. The whole
human experience has been an extraterrestrial good cop, bad cop routine.

The Pleiadian spiritual teachings given by Billy Meier in the contact
notes go into an incredible amount of detail about how the spirit and
the matter work together to create life, the reincarnation process, and
a whole host of other things that are part of our reality. Billy did an
amazing job. His presence on the planet and his voice have not always
been welcome. There have been multiple attempts on his life. When I was
in Switzerland there was a two-man post across the valley up on the
mountain near his farm that was perpetually maintained by the CIA. There
we are again at the intelligence service. Interesting isn't it? The CIA
is running the child sex honey pots, and they are in on the Satanic
rituals, and they also keep a constant watch on Billy Meier. If we're
living in an age of disclosure, and the government wants knowledge of
extraterrestrials out in the public, as seems to be the case with
quasi-government spokespeople like Steven Greer and his Disclosure
Project,[^27] then why all the paranoia about this mild-mannered,
one-armed, innocuous Swiss farmer? Why has so much time been put into
discrediting Billy Meier? These are all very important questions if the
human race is ready for the disclosure that we are not alone as a life
form in this universe.

If the Pleiadians are guilty of anything it's not following through.
They give something to the human race, or racial group within the
general human race, and then they go away. There's no follow-through,
ongoing tutoring, or anything that could be called maintenance. Take the
Jesus story for example. They had a Pleiadian holy person, an ishwish,
mate with a female human. This produced a human hybrid with alien DNA.
It's an interesting thing to note. The Christ was the first alien-human
hybrid. In fact he wasn't. Adam was the first alien-human hybrid. The
entire Adamic line is a Pleiadian experiment, and, as already stated in
this chapter, when you look at the infighting just among the Abrahamic
teachings it's ridiculous. What the Pleiadians will not do is actually
come to the planet and take responsibility for their creation at least
until such a time as the human race can stand independently. In cosmic
terms it's like a man and a woman having a child and raising it to the
age of three years, when it can walk and talk a little bit, and then
leaving it alone in the woods and saying good luck, but it gets even
darker than that. The Pleiadians are not all light and love. They don't
believe in obligation to us, even though we are their creation. They
don't want any karmic attachments to us, and, Just like us — the human
race — they are a conflicted and divided people with many factions.

Most of the benign tutoring given to Billy Meier was by a Pleiadian
named Semjase. She was a good Pleiadian. She gave excellent messages and
excellent counsel to Billy. The Pleiadian order said that she received a
head injury and had to leave her mission with Billy and the earth.
That's a highly dubious claim. The Pleiadians have all kinds of ways to
read the environment before they land to make themselves aware of
danger. I think it was at that moment, when Semjase was taken out and
replaced with new Pleiadians, that the race themselves decided to walk
away from us. The teachings and the movement that Billy started have
turned into a cult, and they really don't have anything to offer the
world, except the information I have given you here. They are
responsible for the white race, and this includes Jews, the red races,
meaning the natives, and the brown races, meaning the Arabic tribes.

From the very beginning, the Pleiadian systems of teaching had been
invested with a kind of egocentrism that ended up harvesting our energy
for their concept of god, which was really them in the end, and because
we were taught to worship them as god, the human mimickers, the rabbis,
priests, and imams became mini-Pleiadians, becoming doorways to god,
instead of teaching us to experience the non-individuated creator
ourselves. As you look at the fractals of the Pleiadian teachings in the
modern Abrahamic traditions, you see forms of energy harvesting that
aggrandize the robed individual, he or she who is in proximity to god.
It's all a bunch of nonsense. It's created tremendous havoc and
disharmony in the races that have been affected by these so-called
spiritual teachings. And now it's degenerated to child rape and
Satanism. This is the fruit of these teachings. The Pleiadians have done
us no favors.

It's my belief that the Pleiadians would rather blow up the whole human
race than be dragged into the quagmire of karma the human situation has
become in the early twenty-first century. It's a love-hate relationship
from the outset. According to Billy and the teachings, the Pleiadian
were assigned to the human race. There exists a kind of counsel in our
galaxy and beyond which affixes mentor races to developing races. Why
that would even have to take place if the Pleiadians created us is a
mystery to begin with. This means that the Pleiadians become the
creation and the destruction. From their perspective, The contact notes
are full of predictions. It has to be said that Billy's predictions from
the 1960s and seventies as they projected into the twenty-first century
are nearly completely accurate.

The foundation of the Abrahamic scriptures is the Pleiadians. They were
most of the prophets including the last two, Yeshua and Muhammad. I know
I'm asking people to believe a lot. Take all of that angel and demon
nonsense and just throw it out the window. They're all
extraterrestrials. I learned a lot with Billy and I learned a lot from
his contact notes, but I'm sorry to say that I do not believe the
Pleiadians have our best interests at heart anymore. When Semjase left
and the new team came in. it was just information withholding and
non-assistance to the human race. The position I saw Billy Meier in when
I went to Switzerland was kind of like a compromised intelligence asset.
His handlers were the Pleiadians and they completely burned him. The
Pleiadians are part of the problem now. Their *prophecies* were a
spiritual fallacy to begin with because God exists in the moment, but
the Pleiadians had to aggrandize themselves and show us the future,
which the lowest of human spirits can pretty much see when they're on
the other side as well, so there's no great revelation there, and now
we're locked up in this end game. Everybody running to *end times*.
You've got the insane Zionists looking for the return of their messiah,
the insane Christians looking for the return of Christ, and the insane
Muslims waiting for the return of the Mahdi. It's a shit show. Thank you
very much Pleiadian mismanagement.

Another narrative you've been hearing a lot in the last few decades,
thanks to people like David Icke, is this narrative of the reptilian.
It's true, they do exist. Oddly enough, I've never seen a reptilian in
my whole life. I've seen countless other extraterrestrials but never a
reptilian. I guess they just know to stay away from me. William Tompkins
came out in 2017 just before he died and gave a number of interviews
related to his book, Selected by Extraterrestrials: My life in the Top
Secret World of UFOs, Think-Tanks and Nordic Secretaries. There are few
things that I need to correct. Tompkins says that the Nazis made an
alignment with the reptilians. Whether that is true or not I cannot
definitively say, but I am highly doubtful. It's the kind of pithy
saying that is coming out in extraterrestrial literature now. In
essence, the extraterrestrial narrative has entered into our
geopolitics.

By assigning the reptilians to the Nazis we can consolidate the idea
that the evil Germans turned on the human race, but it doesn't make
sense. Why would the reptilians endorse the idea of a *master race*, and
why would their message and purpose be erroneously documented as the
destruction of the *chosen people*? It doesn't add up. Hitler developed
a successful economic model contrary to what was commenced by the
English in the century of The Worshipful Fuellers. By taking the facile
narrative of racism we obfuscate the underlying issue, passive control
of the world through the Babylonian money magic. The kind of racism I
see in the Nazi movement is more akin to Pleiadian and Nordic
extraterrestrial involvement than reptilian. Hitler was involved with
the Thule Society and the Vril society and that they were Pleiadian
front groups that were channeling information from Semjase, the same
Pleiadian initially appointed to mentor Billy Meier. Remember, these
beings live lives at least ten times longer than a human being. We're
the June Bug of lifespans in the universe of sentient hominids.

There's also the very interesting question about the Jews. The Jews have
accepted more than one form of input into their scriptures. Their
scriptures were largely Pleiadian to begin with, but at the time that
the United Kingdom of Israel was broken up under King Solomon we see
another group in there, don't we? We see the black magic group which
gave Solomon the ability to control the demons. We see the Signet ring,
and we see the commencement of the Kabbalah. The Temple of Solomon
practiced sacrifice. This ultimately leads to a new school of
extraterrestrial teaching, the school that runs the world now, the
school that consolidated its power and planted the seed for the world
system we live in now way back in England during the second half of the
seventeenth century, which gave us the Bank of England, the speculative
masons, and The Worshipful Fuellers — who financed the rebuilding of
London after the fire of 1666 — and the private-public partnerships that
led to the shit show we see in the world today, and, coincidentally, we
find ourselves entertaining the construction of the Third Temple of
Solomon under what is quickly becoming, by territoriality, the United
Kingdom of Israel, returning us to sacrifice, which is the basis of
blood magic.

The extraterrestrials on this planet are in fact the controllers, all of
them, including the Pleiadians. The human race is nothing more than an
experiment for them. There's nobody really defending our interests. The
human beings that work with them consciously or unconsciously are
weakened venal people who are corrupted. Everybody is sitting around
waiting for an alien takeover. If you have not yet adduced what Bruce
and I are trying to say in this book, let us be blunt: this has been a
colonized race since its inception. The variances in governorship and
the vicissitudes of this race, including the misfortune we have brought
upon ourselves in wars, are something that our extraterrestrial *lords*
are quite fine with. Nothing good will come from extraterrestrials
coming into the earth and bailing us out of the horrible situation we
have gotten ourselves into. That's what the twentieth century was about,
and it almost destroyed us. What the world needs now are diligent people
who focus on what it means to be human and what the human potential is
without any more extraterrestrial interference. There is no
unconditional relationship with the human race. The Pleiadians have so
screwed this up with their Abrahamic scriptures and their interference
in our development down here and their playing god that we don't have a
base language that we all understand. It is true that there is something
called god, which might be a synonym for life itself, which loves us
unconditionally, all of us. This is the gift of life. This is the love
of the creator. The god crap in the Abrahamic scriptures is the
Pleiadians pleasing themselves. It's time we grew up and realized that
these extraterrestrials are just us with more technology and mobility
and a little bit more dimensional comprehension. That aside, they are as
flawed as this human race and they have fought and warred with each
other in civil wars and warred with other races in the galaxy.

There are too many extraterrestrial races interacting with the human
race to even list. It wasn't always this way. In the beginning it was a
controlled Eden experiment. Other races came in. The reptilians have
always been here. They evolved on this planet and they are indigenous to
it just as the human form. It doesn't really matter what race a human
form comes from. The experience in this dense three-dimensional reality
we call earth is unique to all of us and we need to unite as a common
human race. We need to preserve our environment for future generations
because if we try to blow up this planet the consequences will be
enormous. The truth is we will not be allowed to destroy this planet. We
will be destroyed before the planet is allowed to be destroyed. This is
too rich and too beautiful a planet with its expression of life, which
even the extraterrestrials enjoy and admire, for it to be decimated by a
sentient race on the planet that has not yet learned to control itself.
It will not be allowed to happen. Negative forces crept into the human
consciousness experience and accelerated certain scientific discoveries
that have thrown our spiritual and intellectual unfoldment out of
balance. The Pleiadians have stated through Billy Meier they will leave
earth after Billy passes, never to return.

Palo Mayombe
============

My adventures with the Pleiadian crew in Switzerland went on for a
number of years. I studied and grappled with the material. I knew it to
be true in the sense that Billy was a contactee, but I knew it wasn't
the final answer to what was going on on this planet. Not by a long
shot. I had many experiences with Pleiadians. Once you hook up with
them, especially the ones around Billy Meier, they pop up from time to
time. I must say at this point, I do not believe they are real
Pleiadians, Plejarens, or any benign extraterrestrial group positively
aligned with human growth, but rather an impostor group. There was also
a cult-like atmosphere around the Switzerland experience. People had
rote answers to questions, the way cult members do. I didn't see a lot
of creative thinking or ingenuity. The whole thing hinged upon Billy's
contacts, his notes, and his dissertations.

There were times I would be driving down the highway on the California
coast and I would look in my rear view mirror and there would be a
spaceship trailing me. By this time, which was around 2011, my ability
to see things with my mind's eye, and my sense of understanding about
the unseen things, was razor sharp. The trip to Switzerland, and
studying of the Pleiadian material, only made me more curious about what
was really going on in this world.

I was also going through a very difficult divorce at this time with my
son's mother, who had come back into our lives and was creating a lot of
disturbance for myself and my son Reese. She had returned a number of
years after abandoning Reese and I. My access to my son was through her.
I was being squeezed for more and more money. I was always in court. It
was one of the worst periods of my life. I had gone back to university
in those years and studied law. It was my brother's suggestion. I did it
at night school, I continued with the boat cleaning business full time.
I've always been a high performance person. I never took the bar exam,
but I did take the full law course load, and I did pass. I did this
after my son was born. It's a weird thing about me. I study things but I
don't necessarily get the accreditation. It's as though some part of me
knows that accreditation is a bunch of bullshit. I was representing
myself in the proceedings in court. The judge hated me for it. They
always hate it when competent litigators represent themselves.

At that time I had extended my boat washing business into deck
reconstruction as well. Anything that involved diving I loved, that
sweet water around me all day, its insulating protection, the silence
and calm of the sea close to shore. It's my comfort zone, shown to me by
my father when I was a kid in his apartment complex pool with an old
mask and oxygen tank. So building decks that went far out into the water
for larger boats was something I got into. There's always a way to make
a living if you have a little bit of creativity and a work ethic. Don't
let anybody tell you any different.

I had hired a Latino guy named Luis to help me. He was a really
efficient carpenter. I don't know what he saw in me, but one day he
said, Hey man, I think somebody's fucking with you. I replied
sarcastically, What gives you that impression? The fact that I'm in
court at least once a week. No, He said. I mean in a different way. I
mean I think somebody's working Magic on you. You should come and see my
godfather. I had no idea what he meant by godfather. He explained that
he sometimes used the services of a Tata in the Palo Mayombe religion.
I'd never heard of it. I knew about Santeria but I had never heard of
Palo Mayombe. We talked about it a little bit while we were working on
the deck, and I agreed to take a drive into Los Angeles and meet with
his godfather. I had nothing to lose, and I was more than a little bit
curious.

I decided I was going to go see the godfather that night. So when we
were done work. which was this late at night, around 9:30 PM, I got in
my truck and drove to Compton, a place called The Magical Cave. My
friend, Luis, went in alone to see if it was okay to bring me in. All I
could see was darkness. There was plate glass in front of the place, and
it was tinted so dark that you couldn't see inside. It looked like a
television screen turned off. The door pulled open, and Luis stuck his
head out gestured for me to come in. I told Reese to stay in the truck.
He was eleven years old at the time. I went to the door and poked my
head in to get a feel for the place. It was dark with some candles lit.
I went back to the truck and told Reese to lock the doors and just stay
in the truck and have a nap.

I went through the door and met Luis. He told me to sit down and wait
for the godfather, and he told me that when the godfather came out not
to say anything. All I was supposed to do was hand him the picture of my
ex-wife. I did what I was told. The godfather, a Latino guy named Bobby
in his mid-to-late forties, came out and introduced himself. He looked
at me studiously and asked, Are you in law enforcement? I gave him my
brief background. told him I was a Navy Seal. He said he could see it
all over me. I handed him the picture of my ex-wife and he said, She
wants you dead. She wants all of the assets. She hired someone to do
magic on you. Do you know a woman with dark curly black hair? I didn't
and told him so.

The next thing the godfather did was disappear into another room. I
later learned that this was the munanso. The munanso is where the
ngangas are held, the spirits in the pots. But I'm getting ahead of
myself. We'll get to that in a moment. I think he had to ask for
permission to bring me in. When he came back out he asked me to follow
him into the munanso. This is the room that holds the ngangas, which are
the cauldrons — the steel pots — the spirits are trapped within. I did
as I was instructed, but before I went into the munanso I told Luis to
keep an eye on the outside to make sure Reese was okay in the truck.

Bobby told me to keep my head bent down and my eyes closed. I was taken
into the munanso like a child, eyes closed, held by the arm. When we got
inside Bobby told me to get down on my knees. For a moment I thought I
was going to be beheaded. I was cracking my eyes open a little bit here
and there, and I could see these pots and candles and what I thought was
red wax from a candle but later learned was blood. I had never before
been in a room in which blood sacrifices were made. There was a palpable
energy and presence in the room. I was told to just breathe and relax. I
slipped into a meditative State and immediately went to another
dimension. I could see with my inner vision a spirit above each of the
pots. The spirits were egg-shaped. They were not human spirits. They
were elemental spirits. Each one was a different color. One was red. One
was green. One was purple, and so forth. I knew immediately that these
spirits could see right through me. It was impossible to lie. There was
a question that issued forward from the spirits: what are you here for?
I said nothing. I thought nothing. I just stared at them through my
mind's eye and they stared back at me. There was no negativity there.
The space or realm of these elemental spirits was neutral. It was very
dark. A dim light came off of each of the spirits in the color it
represented. But there was no sense of negativity. There was no
overwhelming sense of positivity. It was like a neutral zone. There was
a very strange peace in the place.

I interpreted the peace as love. I felt like a newborn baby swaddled in
a wool blanket. It was a beautiful experience. I didn't know that
darkness had such beauty. It had its own light. There was a light to the
darkness. I immediately fell in love with it and all of the spirits ran
through me as a wind, a beautiful cool breeze. The godfather stood me
up. My eyes were still closed. He walked me into the other room. The
godfather told me he had never done that before, never taken someone who
had just walked into his shop into the munanso before. He told me it
never happens. Only initiates can go in the munanso. I don't know what
he saw in me when I walked through his door that made him think I was
the first person ever that he could take into the munanso absent an
initiation in Palo Mayombe. I asked the godfather how many spirits were
in the room. I told him I saw twelve or thirteen. He almost fell off his
chair. He was absolutely and utterly stunned. Keep in mind, at this
point in my life I really hadn't had any measuring stick for my
perception. I had been seeing things around me since I was a kid and I
had my first near-death experience, but I had no experience with any
formal, initiated path that commiserated with the other side. Normally
these skills are acquired through practice and initiation. Apparently I
always had them and didn't even know it.

Bobby knew in that moment that I would be a member of his house. He
fast-tracked me. I was initiated immediately. I didn't know it at the
time, but there was a lot of work to be done in these houses. All kinds
of people came to these *Tatas* and their associates, of which I was
one, for advice and counsel and very often for retribution. I was
immediately given an nganga, then another, then another, and then I was
given my own steel pot. The steel pot contained the spirit of a Mason
who had died. His ashes were in the pot. Almost any Spirit could be
trapped in a pot or conjured through a pot. What went into the pots that
summoned the nature spirits would be different than what it went into a
pot that summoned a dead human being like the Mason. My godfather told
me that I was assigned the Mason because he did not like women when he
was alive and my problems centered around women.

So I got initiated right there and then. After that I went home. Reese
was staying with me that night, so I put him to bed and then a little
while later I went to bed, mulling over what I had experienced that
evening. Two days later, when I was alone in my apartment, taking a
shower, Zarabanda came into my home and I had a conversation with him
while I was in the shower. I know this sounds strange, but this really
happens once you've been initiated on these paths. The spirits begin to
communicate with you in a very direct way, or at least they did with me.
The experience takes place entirely within your consciousness, but your
consciousness begins to take on characteristics of physical reality.
That's how present the spirits are when you're talking to them. The
conversation is completely lucid, like you are talking to a friend. The
responses from the spirit are not manufactured by your unconscious. You
are really talking to an individuated being in non-physical form. I
drove over to my godfather shop that day and told him what happened with
the spirit while I was in the shower. I hadn't studied the Palo pantheon
and had no idea what I was saying when I named Zarabanda. Bobby was
shocked. My godfather had big plans for me. I was a cash cow for him.

The initiation process is very physical. Your blood actually goes into
the pot and mixes with the dirt in the pot. And then you take some of
the dirt out of the pot and rub it into the wound. The cut is made right
where the thumb and the forefinger have their joint. One small cut on
the top and one small cut on the inside and then the blood is squeezed
into the pot. This joins you with the spirit in the pot. There were some
rules that went with the initiation as well. We were committed to
following the laws of god. We were committed to never going against our
godfather. The secrets of Palo Mayombe can never be revealed to non
initiate's. I was instructed to always work with the spirits in a
respectful way. All of these things were put forward as postulates and
the initiate had to agree and affirm that they would follow the rules.
The entire experience was very loving. It had the same peace as being in
the spirit dimension the first time I went into the munanso.

It's difficult to explain, but I'll try. The dark side, which we can put
entirely Under the umbrella of the Satanic-Luciferian path, has the
ability to manufacture something that feels like love. All of these
entities exist within dark matter. In Palo Mayombe we call this po. In
Palo Mayombe we refer to the po as a feminine space. It's also a neutral
space. This means it's not charged positively or negatively at an
emotional level. It's almost like you're sitting in the dead center of
all emotional experience and it's perfectly balanced out and the sum of
all emotions is encapsulated in that dark matter, that dark space, the
po. It's one of the great secrets of the left hand path — the darkness
is perfect peace. You are at peace. Things can be called from the dark
matter to manifestation through divine love. The divine love attracts
the matter and it's formed into whatever is requested. And that's how
the darkness works. When you're in the dark space, everything backs off
and just leaves you be. And the sense of tranquility and peace is
absolutely unbelievable. It's one of the most beautiful things I've ever
experienced.

There is no Beauty like it on Earth. It's as though you're standing in
front of God. But it is the dark God. It is the god of the darkness.
There are in fact two gods, one of the light and one of the dark. The
dark is the feminine the light is the masculine. The dark God is the
feminine in the light guard is the masculine. This is how the Dual
worlds work. Within the world of the Dark Matter there are practitioners
who try to hide in there and do very negative things. They sort of try
to create their own worlds in there and hide in the cracks at the
darkness. This is how the really dark magic is done. It's a violation of
the rules of both the light and the dark. It's an abomination. When
trying to understand the light in the dark and why the Creator would
make both sides and create a god at the top of each side, try to see it
this way. If we look at the insect World human beings are uniformly
revolted by a cockroach. And generally speaking human beings are
generally delighted with a butterfly. Both are created by the time Prime
Creator to balance out the energies in the Dual worlds in to serve
certain functions. It's true that the butterfly has no real natural
function except for a little bit of pollination, but their workload is
about 1% of what the bees do. The Cockroach on the other hand is a
tireless worker for the natural system cleaning up messes left by deaf
and other things that need to be cleaned up in nature. They go when they
eat things and they clean up things that would otherwise stay around and
maybe cause disease or create problems for the natural system. They're
one of the hardest-working things in the natural system. But to a human
being a cockroach should be stepped on in a butterfly should be
celebrated. Palo Mayombe taught me to see the beauty in everything.

With my initiation completed I began my apprenticeship under my
godfather. I was assigned an in Ghana, but I won't get into that because
it's too dangerous for public knowledge. I wouldn't want to be
responsible for anybody trying any of this stuff at home and bringing
extreme Misfortune into their lives. The first thing my godfather taught
me was how to read pictures. How to look at a picture of someone given
by a client and read what was going on in the picture and get a psychic
imprint of the person in the picture. I was taught how to remote view. I
was taught how to talk with the spirits. Most of the stuff my godfather
was teaching me I already knew how to do but I had to go through the
motions just like you have to go to Bud's school to become a Navy SEAL.
I was taught how to work with the spirits and how to get things done. I
was taught how to do magic. I was taught how to mix natural things
together to produce an effect. This is the magic of the elements, the
basis of so many magical systems in the world. I was taught how to clean
people. I was taught how to do animal sacrifice correctly, and what the
blood symbolized and what the blood meant on the other side. I got to
see it with my own eyes. I was taught how to exercise people and how to
help them with ailments and how to help them with relationship problems.

As my apprenticeship progressed I began to get my own clients assigned
to me by my godfather. At this point it kind of worked like Amway. I
would keep a little bit of the commission for the spiritual work but the
bulk of it would go to my godfather. As my involvement in Palo Mayombe
continued I began to notice something very interesting. Our magic did
not work on people who called on the name of Jesus Christ. I found this
very curious. Impala we have Tim Blake Tara which is basically Jesus
Christ. This is one of the patrons assigned to me through my initiation,
one of the patrons that I related to very well. Tiembla Tierra
represents the height of knowledge and love. My other Patron was Madre
de agua, which represents the depths of things. My godfather told me
that my ability to work with these two patrons which represented the
polarity, the two opposite extremes of Palo Mayombe, was very rare.
Throughout all of this I saw other people coming and going for
initiation an apprenticeship and I can tell you that I was not being
flattered for any reason. My godfather was telling me the truth. My
apprenticeship like my initiation was a series of stunning Revelations
for my godfather as he begin to chart my potential within the path.

I could work with all of the spirits. There was no limitation on me. My
godfather used me a lot. I was assigned to a lot of the clients.
Overtime I began to notice that my godfather had a fear that I would
grow stronger than him on the path. I figured out after some time that
Not only was my blood in the pots but so was my Godfather's. This was a
violation of the rules. Each initiate was supposed to be given their own
Spirit pots and be unmolested a nun interfered by any other practitioner
of Palo Mayombe. The individual relation with the spirits was sacrosanct
to Palo Mayombe. My godfather was watching me through my own pots. This
meant that I was a slave to my godfather. He owned me through the pots.
His dirt was mixed with my dirt. His blood was mixed with my blood. He
controlled me through my own spirits. He didn't tell me this up front.
It was a great deception in the violation of the rules of Palo Mayombe,
but, it really wasn't that surprising when I figured it out. The key
thing to know here is that he was in the wrong from the perspective of
the rules of Palo Mayombe and from the perspective of the spirits
themselves. This sliver of guilt in the heart of my godfather commenced
with his duplicity at the Inception of my sojourn through Palo Mayombe
ultimately became his undoing.

Alongside this growing awareness of my godfather is duplicity in his
introducing me to Palo Mayombe, was my growing curiosity be about why
none of our magic would work on somebody who called on Jesus Christ. I
consulted the pots and I was told that the spirits and tell him I only
had a contract with the spirits associated with Jesus Christ in the
modern incarnation of Christianity. essentially, What the pots told me
was that when a person went to Jesus Christ they were already done in
and so the spirits of Palo Mayombe didn't have to do anything. Now think
about that very hard. I'm not trying to offend anyone who has been
raised in a faith in a belief in Jesus Christ. I'm sharing direct
intelligence from the spiritual World about what Jesus Christ and the
teachings and the spiritual milieu on the other side has come to
represent. People who go to Jesus Christ and into the church system get
done in the same way that we get done in if they were dealt with by the
spirits in Palo Mayombe. Think of it this way. It was like getting a
contract to pave a driveway and when you get to the house the driveway
is already paved so there's no work to be done. I realize what I am
saying might be profoundly offensive to a lot of Christians. I'll give
you one example in the Contemporary news. John of God in Brazil was
reputed to be a Christian healer. I knew way before the news came out
about him running a child trafficking ring and throwing teenage girls
into enslavement to produce babies to sell on the open market that he
was a practitioner of the dark side. I knew the grouping of spirits he
was working with on the Christian side and they are extremely malignant.
It later came out in the news that John of God was basically a demon in
flesh. Any practitioner of Palo Mayombe or Santeria or any of the other
fourth-dimensional spiritual arts could have told you this way before
the newspapers did.

The blood rituals are about sidestepping the law of cause and effect. At
least that is what we were taught in the school. The blood is an energy
on the other side. If you want to kill someone in the world and you have
the proper connections you can put out a contract on somebody's life.
It's the same thing with blood magic except the currency is blood
instead of money. The spiritually unprotected will have Misfortune visit
them. A blood offering is made to commence and more blood is promised on
the completion of the task. I fully realize how irrational this sounds
to the rational 21st century first world person. But it is 100% true.
However it is very difficult to control these forces. It's also
extremely difficult to control the force of cause and effect. The force
of cause and effect is administered from a dimension above the fourth
dimension, so you may be able to delay the effect for your entire
lifetime, but what the practitioners of these fourth-dimensional Arts
don't understand is that it is attached to you and it will work out in
another life.

It's not just the blood. It's what the blood contains. Human blood has a
little aspect of the human spirit in it. It's a super fine electrical
charge but on the other side it's Amplified. The spirits also feed on
the energy of the death, the pain and suffering of the animal. The
actual soul of the sacrifice thing, even human beings, if the sacrifice
involves human beings, and some of the darker houses of Palo Mayombe do
indeed sacrifice human beings, goes on to where it would go and any
normal death. The soul of the individual thing sacrificed, whether
chicken or what-have-you, is unmolested by the sacrifice. The energy
created by the death in the energy in the blood is what is consumed.
This is why in The Satanic rituals that sacrifice human beings there is
so much pain and torture before the death. That is what is consumed.
There are entities that live in the fourth dimension that feed off of
negative human emotions even without a sacrifice. These are the entities
referred to in the Gnostic Bible, archons and their minions, but in Palo
Mayombe we are dealing with very specific Elemental spirits and very
specific dead human beings. In the human sacrifices in which
adrenochrome is extracted, the suffering enriching the adrenal gland.
This is consumed by living human beings who practice the sacrifice.

For the spirits involved in Palo Mayombe rituals, the bloodletting is
one component of the energies that are consumable. Because of what these
Spirits are doing, they're running short on energy, and they are in a
negative relationship as much as a practitioner of Palo Mayombe. It's a
two-way street. That's why the bond between the initiates and the
spirits is so strong.

words and numbers and names every spirit has a number just like Kabbalah
king solomon not a prophet social political judaica beginning of
kabbalah was with king solomon scapegoat the birth certificate and the
money system

words and numbers and names every spirit has a number just like Kabbalah
king solomon not a prophet social political judaica beginning of
kabbalah was with king solomon scapegoat the birth certificate and the
money system

[^1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Committee\_of\_300

[^2]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation\_Paperclip

[^3]: Meditations — Marcus Aurelius

[^4]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nightmarchers

[^5]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Montreal\_experiments

[^6]: https://www.clg.org/pdf/1/2/3/1/Application-for-Authorization.pdf

[^7]: Six Theosophic Points by Jacob Boehme.

[^8]: Matthew 18: 3, King James Bible

[^9]: King James Bible, Psalms 104 Verses 3-5

[^10]: Please see Appendix A for Pierre Sabak's deconstruction of the
    motto and the symbol.

[^11]: William Bramley — *The Gods of Eden*

[^12]: https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/corpus

[^13]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indira\_Gandhi

[^14]: The best book on Blackwater is *Blackwater: The Rise of the
    World's Most Powerful Mercenary Army* by Jeremy Scahill.

[^15]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George\_Boole

[^16]: The best book on Blackwater is *Blackwater: The Rise of the
    World's Most Powerful Mercenary Army* by Jeremy Scahill.

[^17]: Refer to Appendix B of this manuscript for further information on
    Robert Kane.

[^18]: https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/12/10/business/media/pizzagate.html

[^19]: https://www.britannica.com/topic/Belial

[^20]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation\_Grange

[^21]: https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/12/10/business/media/pizzagate.html

[^22]: https://www.britannica.com/topic/Belial

[^23]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation\_Grange

[^24]: https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/06/14/you-cant-bury-the-truth---clement-freuds-victims-finally-expose

[^25]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clement\_Freud

[^26]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hermetic\_Order\_of\_the\_Golden\_Dawn

[^27]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steven\_M.\_Greer
